A formal entry foyer wrapped in Eucalyptus wood paneling with travertine floors serves as an elegant arrival, and leads to the spacious great room?
A home with endless possibilities what more can you ask for?
A library for the bookworm perhaps?
A private elevator landing invites you into an elegant entry gallery, beyond which awaits artfully-designed living space graced by soaring 12'6?
A seamless wood-paneled refrigerator and dishwasher, Heath tile backsplash, Blanco 30?
A third full bathroom is located near the living area and the third and fourth bedroom?
A washer/dryer in the unit?
a well detailed prewar, doorman building in a hot Chelsea location?
A WRAP-AROUND-BACLONY in Brooklyn?
Access to Manhattan is easy via the B, Q and 2 trains nearby.?
Added perk of such generous sized home?
Affordable income producer, why pay rent?
Alfresco dining or gardener's delight - you choose?
All closets have been outfitted while one has been cedar lined.???
All Natural Stone Exterior Five Bed Rm, 6?
All three units are unoccupied giving the buyer the option and flexibility to move in whenever they please.????????????????????????????????????
Also off of the kitchen is a staircase that takes you to full height basement with a great deal of storage space. ?
Always dreamt of having plenty of space for you and your loved ones?
Amenities are important to you?
An expansive prewar Classic 7 formal Dining Room, spacious living Room, eat in kitchen, three bedrooms, 2 full Bathrooms, plus maid's room, does it get any better?
An incredible vision of modern living as crafted by Piero Lissoni, the?
And did I mention the High Line?
And did we mention it is in the HEART of Westerleigh?
and it is nearly complete.?
And of course-how can one overlook that Central Park is near enough to have Central Park views from the living room?
And suppose it was large and spacious, completely renovated, and had a massive terrace with views from Prospect Park to the Verrazano Bridge?
And the neighborhood?
And the Samsung 48" Smart TV on the wall?
And why not?
and you are growing tired of the outrageous prices in Brooklyn and LIC?
Apartment Features Gut renovated, move in condition one bedroom, one bath apartment with 9.5?
Appliances are top-of-the-line featuring a 36?
Appliances include Miele (refrigerator & freezer, microwave, oven hood, washer, dryer), Bosch dishwasher, 36?
Are you are doctor looking for an ideal place to see your patients?
Are you constantly frustrated with seeing the same low grade renovations and design choices in townhouses?
Are you in love with pre-war?
Are you looking for a charming well-priced 1 Bedroom home in a sought-after area?
Are you looking for a cozy, elegant home close to all that is held dear to a New Yorker?
Are you looking for a deal?
Are you looking for a great investment home?
Are you looking for a loft-like open space with both light, view, and luxury condo services?
Are you looking for Beautiful Open Views?
Are you looking for that House that is in your Price Range, is DETACHED, has 3 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Den, Garage, & a Yard all in the Princess Bay Section of Staten Island with Water View & NOT in a FLOOD ZONE surrounded by Million Dollar Homes?
Are you looking for that perfect balance of convenience and serenity?
Are you looking for the perfect primary residence, pied a terre or investment property?
Are you looking to do a Lease or Rent to Own Home?
Are you looking to get into a home?
Are you our discerning home buyer?
Are you priced out of other neighborhoods?
Are you ready for the next level?
Are you ready for this one??
Are you ready to fall in love?
Are you ready to make an investment in this amazing neighborhood?
Are you ready to participate in customizing your home?
Are you ready to save $9,903 in transfer taxes?
As is'' condition with the tenants who are paying a monthly income of $11,208.76, annualized $134,505.12.?
As you enter the lovely foyer, notice the hardwood floors throughout?
Ask yourself, does this building have Brand, Character or Spirit distinctly identifiable?
Asking Price: $350,000 Sponsor sale?
At 143rd Street, you'll find Riverbank State Park?
Attention Buyers, tired of looking and looking for the perfect move-in ready 1 bedroom apartment?
Attention First-Time Buyers: Why settle for a studio when you can buy a one bedroom?
Basement *Private Storage* (addition fee) ??
Basement apartment and 2 car garage.?
Beautiful fenced massive Backyard w/ Garden & 3 Car Garage?
Beautiful new hardwood flooring?
Beauty and brains?
Because the Indiana limestone-clad facade building was designed by famed architect Robert A.M. Stern, the former Dean of Architecture at Yale?
Bed-Stuy Loft Love A giant loft, in an historic building, in a trendy neighborhood AND affordable?
Behind the living area sits the alcove dining area, surrounded by Southern and Eastern views, and the adjoining windowed kitchen featuring a 36?
Big family dinner?
Bike storage?
Black MARBLE Bathroom?
Boasting a beautiful facade and noteworthy "purple waterfall?
Boasting open city views and great natural sunlight, the living area comfortably suits a full living room set?
Both the kitchen and bathroom are equipped with an in-wall multi-speaker iPod docking station.??
Both your master and guest bathrooms feature a shower/tub combination, and ample storage within the medicine cabinets.?
Brand New Appliances?
Brand New Cabinets?
Brand New Electrical System?
Brand New Granite Counter-tops?
Brand New Hardwood Floor?
Brand New Plumbing?
Brand New Renovation Top to Bottom?
Brand New Windows?
Bring your pets!?
Brokers welcome?
BUILDING FEATURES?
Built in 1893 as a sail manufacturer and then spice warehouse, the building became known in the 1970s and 1980s as "The Ranch,?
But why leave?
but you need a lot of storage space?
Call Call Call!!!!?????
Call Exclusive Broker?
Call for an architectural Zone Analysis today.?
Call or email us to set up a private showing.?
Call Us To View It Today?
Can you afford not to take advantage of this unique pristine home that will beckon you to call it home?
Can you keep a secret?
Can you recognize opportunity when it knocks?
Can you see Yourself Raising a Family in this house?
Can you see yourself relaxing with a book or a beverage on the front porch; or hosting a party in the manicured backyard?
Car lover?
Care about access to groceries and fresh produce?
Care to entertain outside?
Cats allowed, but no dogs.?
Cats allowed, sorry no dogs.?
Close to Transportation?
Conference facilities for private meetings or on-site parking?
Conveniently located 3 blocks from the 2/5 trains at Winthrop Street or Church Ave for a 20 minute ride to Manhattan, and just steps away from SUNY Downstate Medical Center and Kings County Hospital - why rent when you can own?
Corporate purchases and pieds-a-terre are permitted?
Could anything be more New York?
Couple this with low common charges and a tax abatement in place to 2035 and what is not to love?
D.C. The Cass Gilbert building itself is notable for its "wedding cake" architectural style with numerous set-backs and the use of architectural terra cotta friezes with Assyrian-inspired motifs.?
Desirable Section of the Neighborhood?
Did anyone say development?
Did I mention that the bathroom & electrical were also updated within the last 10 years?
Did I mention that you may only need three bedrooms for a couple of years and want the ability to easily reconfigure the space to downsize to two bedrooms in the future?
Did I mention the washer/dryer hookups??
Did we mention the driveway and private backyard?
Did we mention the location?
Did we mention the outdoor space?
Did we mention the view?
Did You Think You Were Priced Out of the Neighborhood?
Dinner for twenty?
Dishwasher in LUXURY Kitchen?
Do you crave brilliant sunshine and the peace Zen behind closed doors at home, and the bustle and excitement of the big city at your doorstep?
Do you dream of a Manhattan life?
Do you dream of Brooklyn living with Manhattan in reach?
Do you have a thing for top floor apartments?
Do you have vision?
Do you like light?
Do you love to cook?
Do you love to entertain?
Do you need lots of closet space?
Do you own or plan to buy a car?
Do you prefer simple shaker style wood cabinets with solid surface counters or custom lacquer cabinets paired with a travertine marble?
Do you want a home just steps to the beach?
Do you want Katz Deli, Russ and Daughters or maybe some Economy Candy?
Does your home search have you feeling like Goldilocks?
Don't drive?
Don't have a car?
Don't hesitate?
Don't like the bus?
Don't like to cook?
DON'T MISS OUT??
Don't need access to highways?
Don't wan't to go through the headache of renovate something?
Don't want to stay in?
Don't you agree that your home begins the moment you step into the lobby?
Don?t miss out on this Gem!?
Doorman?
drive by?
driver?
Each of the residences has outdoor space?
East 87th Street is an intimate white-glove full-service building?
Eat-in kitchen?
Elegantly seated around private gardens by M. Paul Friedberg & Partners and an exceptional 18,000-square-foot amenities suite?
Elite master bathroom furnishings include a cast-iron ceramic floating tub, original hardwood floors, imported Basalt Volcanic Stone?
Enjoy international dining?
Entrance on 28th Street?
Ever wanted to have a garden in the city?
Everything is too big or too small?
extra large 2 Family Hi Ranch Boasting 6 Bedrooms, 4 Kitchens, 5 Bathrooms Large Family room with fireplace, plus bedroom Large eat in kitchen with 1/2 bath, sliders to screen house large yard with 30?
Family Room/Living room?
Fantastic light and views from 10 huge scenic windows.?
Featuring a mid-century modern faade and transitional interiors, The Boutique's design hallmarks include expansive plans with 44' X 19' great rooms and optimal interior separation of private and entertaining spaces?
Feel like live music?
Feel like relaxing in a public outdoor environment?
Feeling hungry after that subway ride?
Finished Basement?
Finishes?
FIRST SHOWING September 8th!!!?
foot ceilings 1st & 2nd floors -8 foot ceiling finished basement -French drain -Large sub-level windows for maximum lighting -Custom kitchen with eat around island and seated bar area between family room -reinforced rebar supported concrete for a stronger foundation -Radiant heating entire 1st floor and 2nd floor bathrooms -7?
For further Information/ showings please call or text Alex - 646-475-6599 Have a passion for restoration?
For further Information/ showings please call or text Alex - 646-475-6599 or Morris - 646-463-0717 Have a passion for restoration?
For further Information/ showings please call or text Mason - 347-744-8541 or Paola - 347-499-5887 Looking for space?
For further Information/ showings please call or text Morris - 646-463-0717 or Alex - 646-475-6599 Have a passion for restoration?
For further Information/showings please call or text Darrius - 347-737-4474 or Paola - 347-499-5887 Looking for space?
for little extra space in a one bedroom?
For More Info Or To Schedule A Viewing Call Roy 718-FIVE SEVEN ZERO -4151 Don't Like This One?
For More Information Or To Schedule A Viewing Call Roy 718-570- 4151 Don't Like This One?
For More Information Or To Schedule A Viewing Call Roy 718-570-415 ONE Don't Like This One?
Forgot milk for your morning coffee or craving a snack?
Ft buildable far?
Full Bathroom?
Fully Finished Attic w/ 2 Separate Rooms?
Fully Finished Basement w/ 2 Separate Entrances and Half Bathroom?
Gama Group?
Good Morning!?
Gracefully set back on expansive, beautifully landscaped grounds along Forest Hills Gardens?
granite countertops?
Great afternoon light streams into the living room through the oversized windows and sliding glass doors which lead to your own private balcony?
Great Investment opportunity.?
Great Starter Home With Potential To Expand!!?
Had a long day?
hardwood floor?
Hardwood floors 2nd Floor:?
Hardwood floors?
Hate to cook?
Have a car?
Have a passion for restoration?
Have we checked all your wish list items yet?
Have you been looking for a comfortable and spacious CONDO on one of Brooklyn Heights' historic gas-lamp and tree-lined blocks?
Have you been looking for the perfect One Bedroom apartment?
Have you been searching for a historic house filled with original turn of the century details to lovingly preserve and make your own?
Have you been searching for the architectural integrity, preserved detail and massive scope of a 25' wide brownstone mansion?
Have you dreamt of owning a brownstone with central air conditioning, tons of light, renovated bathrooms and kitchen, Giant Garden AND Private Parking?
Have you ever imagined what it would be like to live in a space with over 60 feet of unobstructed direct views of the entire length of Central Park?
Having a problem deciding where to go?
Heating and cooling is controlled by individual HVAC units in all 3 rooms.?
Hello Home Buyers, Are You Looking To Purchase a Beautifully Remodeled One Family Home In Cambria Heights?
Herb garden?
High Upside Investment?
His?
home in prime Marine Park location?
How about a short commute?
How about double-sized storage cages and bike storage?
How can you be certain that this home is THE ONE?
How convenient is that?
How do you make use of a wrap around penthouse terrace in midtown Manhattan?
How does NOT needing a Board Approval to purchase your home sound?
How does NOT needing Board Approval to purchase your home sound?
I can have this view every day?
Ideally located near LIRR?
If this isn't the description of a perfect home, what is??
If you are worried about lighting, how about natural lighting?
If your style preference tends to be modern instead of " classic old world?
In?
In addition to the living area are three large bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms?
In addition, on the same lot, there is a single family detached home with 2 bedrooms, 2??
In Apartment, 2.5 Rooms, 1 Bathroom -2nd Floor: 3 Bedrooms, Kitchen, Living Room, Dining Room, 1.5 Bathroom, Balcony -3rd Floor: 3 Bedrooms, Kitchen, Living Room, Dining Room, 1.5 Bathroom, Balcony?
In need of some outdoor space?
In regard to comfort, the master bedroom features Ultra-suede walls with 2?
In the hottest part of the West Village?
In the market for a condo?
In the master bedroom, an "H line?
In the words of developer Ziel Feldman, "It's the best of all possible worlds, a village in the city, with a special sense of place and pedigree.?
In Unit)?
In-wall CAT 5 structured a/v wiring + a/v system?
In?Unit.?
Interested in renovating a home to your own taste and walking into your next home with some equity?
INTERESTED???
Intrigued?
Introducing the Penthouse at 66 East 11th Street?
Is It time to add your name to the list that live and lived in the Silk Building?
Is penthouse living with views of the Brooklyn and Manhattan skyline from your private roof deck your thing?
Is that YOU?
Is there any wonder that this building, steps from Central Park, the Met and many fine public and private schools is on the short list of all buyers?
Is this real?
Is your perfect home a space that is exactly what you need, including parking, and not excess you do not need to pay for, all at one extremely good price?
It can be purchased as an office, primary residence or pied a terre.?
Italy-based Minimal kitchens remain true to their eponymous design mandate?
Its 14,000sf fitness center and 75 foot-long swimming pool with daylight overhead?
Its position directly on Central Park West and the famed Central Park itself?
Its private in-house restaurant with butler service?
Just a short distance from the front door you can grab a coffee at any of the local cafs, sit in one of the many wine bars including Hogs Head Tavern, Anchor Wine Bar, The Grange Bar and Eatery and more, or jump on the subway at any of the three nearby lines?
just right?
Just starting out or downsizing??
King/Queen Bedroom -1 Full Bathroom?
Kitchen?
Known as "The Most Photographed?
Large family?
Large Front Patio?
Large master bedroom 12?
Learn about the shareholder's negotiation to buy the land of this land lease coop!?
Let's see what you could do with a 200 square foot terrace?
Level3-2 more bedrooms or art gallery?
Liberal sublet policy with two year residency required before subletting indefinitely.$49.77?
Light and views?
Lights and shades throughout the home are controlled from wall-mounted, table-top, and smart-phone interfaces?
Like hardwood floors?
Like to entertain?
Like water sports?
Live at the intersection of Brooklyn?s most desirable locations?
Living/Family room?
Located across from the Brooklyn Museum, Botanic Gardens and Prospect Park; who could ask for anything more?
Located in the "sweet spot?
Located in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn; implication?
LOCATION?
Loft like one bedroom in Clinton Hill?
London Terrace Towers features many amenities not commonly found in prewar buildings, including a half Olympic-sized indoor pool, spectacular landscaped rooftop terrace with 360 degree, unobstructed views of Manhattan, private fitness center managed by The Wright Fit?
Long Term Ownership?
Looking for a 3 bed/2 bath under a million with only 20% down?
Looking for a 3rd bedroom?
Looking for a beautiful 1 bedroom apartment to call home on the dreamy upper west side?
Looking for a Condo??
Looking for a convenient location?
Looking for a deal?
Looking for a fast commute to NYC?
Looking for a great opportunity?
Looking for a great VALUE in a JUMBO one bedroom in a residential neighborhood?
Looking for a home on an oversized lot?
Looking for a huge lot to create your Dream Home?
Looking for a mother daughter with a rental income?
Looking for a new home with space for your family, and a rental to help with your mortgage?
Looking for a Park Ave pied--terre?
Looking for a spacious legal 2 family in Madison?
Looking for a spectacular income property without comparison?
Looking for a true two-bedroom with private roof and killer views?
Looking for a warm and cozy single family 3 bedrooms 2 bath home with an oversized park-like property in the heart of Annadale that offers every convenience right at your fingertips?
Looking for affordable in Marine Park??
Looking for an impressive prewar classic six in a prime Upper West Side location?
Looking for drama and a home that evokes the feel of an art gallery?
Looking for rental income?
Looking for rental property in one of The Bronx Most rapidly developing neighborhoods?
Looking for some outdoor solace?
Looking for space, plus income generating rental property to assist with mortgage payments?
Looking for space?
Looking for storage?
looking for that perfect sized place to live?
Looking for that spacious 2-bedroom, 2-bath condominium in prime Upper East Side?
Looking for the ideal property?
Looking for the perfect 1 family located in the famed Ocean Parkway area?
Looking for the perfect affordable studio apartment in Bay Ridges HOTTEST location?
Looking for top-of-the-line luxury in the most iconic full service, sophisticated Emory Roth building?
looking for your dream home?
Looking to add to your investment portfolio?
Looking to be apart of historical Mud Lane?
Looking to design your dream home in Carroll Gardens?
Looking to make Glendale/Ridgewood your home?
Looking to move to the Kensington area of Brooklyn?
Looking to start making money immediately?
Lot?
Love boating?
Love new construction but not the price?
Love other neighborhoods?
Love to cook?
Love to entertain?
LOWEST PRICED 2BR/2BTH IN BUILDING!!!?
make your new home a welcomed retreat from the hustle and bustle of the "city that never sleeps!?
Massive Price Cut (-$50,000)?
Master Bedroom Has A Walk In Closet?
Master Bedroom w/ En-suite Bath?
May Midwood be possibly next in line on being possibly price influenced?
Maybe You'd Like to Launch Your Boat at the Nearby Marina?
Maybe you're the lucky one?
Miele refrigerator, as well as a 36?
Minutes to Ferry and NYC?
Miss cooking in your beach house?
Monthly fee: 985 (including tax, management, water, gas?
Monthly maintenance: $688 Annual taxes: $713/year 3rd floor unit?
Most properties are occupied?
nearly 1800 square feet of light-filled lofty living space - and a private garden.?
Need a 3 bedroom?
Need a home office?
Need a writing retreat, studio, home office or practice space?
Need convenience in your life?
Need more bedrooms?
Need more room, or the flexibility to use as a community/commercial capacity?
Need more space?
Need Parking?
Need some fresh air?
Need to go to midtown!?
Need to sweat off those yummy calories?
Need to travel?
Need to unwind?
Need to work out after all that food?
Nestled on a quiet Hell's Kitchen street, "Townhouse 47?
Nestled right behind 1 Grand Army Plaza, the iconic Richard Meier-designed building, the apartment features hardwood floors throughout, a huge living area with plenty of light , a kitchen large enough to be considered "eat in"?
New Construction?
New Homes?
New Listing.?
NEW Renovated Rooftop *Health Club?
New Siding, New Roof, New Gas Boiler, New Gas Lines, New Electric Lines, New Appliances,?
New Townhouses?
No Board Approval Required Sponsor Unit Prewar Condominium 10% Down Flexible floorplan - How many bedrooms do you want?
No Pets Allowed?
Not a single detail was spared in this exceptional home, each item was picked with the end users in mind as a solid investment that could be passed down to the next generation.????????????????????????????????????????
Not enough space?
Not enough time to workout with your busy schedule?
Not familiar with the area?
Not very familiar with the neighborhood?
Notable features include "City Quiet?
Note to Real Estate Agents: I am a?
Now Available?
Numerous fitness centers are to be found in the area, and for those with culinary aspirations, who wouldn't be thrilled to have Trader Joe's right on the corner and WholeFoods within a few blocks?
Office Room?
Oh, did we mention an in-unit washer and dryer?
OK, Looking to downsize?
On the Main Floor, adjacent to the foyer, lays a spacious 23 24 Living Room?
On the other side of the grand foyer is an elegant formal dining room that conveniently connects to a bright and beautiful eat-in kitchen & half bath.?
on the Upper West Side, this townhouse has literally been "in the family?
One block away from the future Children's Museum of Manhattan and a short walk from the Museum of Natural History.??
One of Sutton Place's finest, full service "white glove?
One often dreams of such architectural majesty,why not live it?
Only 3 blocks to the 7 train at 111th St/Roosevelt Ave Station, 2 blocks to Flushing Meadows Park, Terrace on the Park, New York Hall of Science, Queens Museum, Arthur Ashe Tennis Stadium?
only?
Only two blocks away from the Delancey and Essex F/M/J/Z trains, what more could you want?
Open your eyes to catch your reflection in the custom built medicine cabinet mirror...?
or Down-sizing?
Or how about celebrating your next birthday in the Resident's Lounge?
Or looking for an investment?
Or simply a home that will pay your mortgage while living in it?
Originally built in 1910,  444 East 19th Street in Ditmas Park is an enchanting 6 bedroom, 3.5 bath single-family Colonial home.?
Other Features:?
Other great details include:?
Over sized Living room will easily fit huge sectional and plenty of room to roam .Looking for extra space, den, office space perhaps?
Overpaying for over the top amenities not really your style?
Parlour Floor: At the top of the "L-shaped?
Passion For Restoration?
perfect for entertaining?
Perhaps the white-glove service from an experienced staff?
Pet salon?
Pets, LOVED?
Photos show?
Pied?
Planted & Furnished *Sun Decks?
Please note that the current asking price has already taken into account a 2 year rent credit at market rate ($2,000 per month) to the new owner with tenant in place?
Plenty of clothes?
Possibly Overlooked?-based on area comparison, possible buyer demographics shift, and Midwood?s pre-Hollywood history?
Possibly Undervalued?
Prefer a few more square feet?
Prefer open kitchen?
Prefer to own rather than rent?
Premier corner apartment features top-tier stainless steel Bosch appliances (dishwasher, refrigerator, oven/microwave), marble bathroom with a luxurious full-size rain shower, recessed lighting throughout, 2 spacious closets (one walk-in), high-beamed ceilings and hardwood floors. ??
Premium Central Park views is alarmingly pricey, so why not choose a stunning view of a gorgeous landscaped garden that won't break the bank?
Priced out of the Upper West Side?
Prince's Bay?
Principal Buyers please NO Real Estate Broker/Agent WANT TO SEE THIS HOUSE?
Privacy?
Private Driveway?
Properties are?
Properties are sold in?
Property sits on a 23.25?
Protected Tax Class 2B?
Quiet and bright at the same time with street views?
Rapidly Emerging Market with Strong Fundamentals?
Ready to Park your broom at your new front door?
Red Oak?
Remember when the last commercial piece on Richmond Ave. was for sale??
Remodeled master bed and bath with?
Residents also enjoy incredible 360-degree views of downtown Manhattan from the Club 75?
Roof deck area?
Room for a table and chairs?
Savvy real estate investor?
Searching for the perfect investment property found in one of the hottest neighborhoods in Brooklyn?
Searching for the right combination of location, size and value?
Second floor 2 br full bath with spacious attic 6?
Seeking sanctuary and an escape from the city?
Set in the heart of Williamsburg on a tree-lined quiet street close to all shopping and transportation; this meticulously redesigned 2 family house has everything you've been looking for, including?
SF corner unit features an ideal layout, abundant storage, cherry wood flooring throughout and all within the full service RiverBridge Court Condo building. ?
Sharing's not for you?
Shopping for a one bedroom but looking for so much more?
Shown by Appointment Only?
Sleek gourmet chef's kitchen comes outfitted with precision lighting, as well as top-of-the-line appliances such as SubZero's classic 36?
So wouldn't you think the area has so much more potential to improve as well?
So, looking to make your move to Ridgewood?
So, what are you waiting for?
So, what really sets 2350 apart from its sister units in the building?
sold as-is??
Sorry, no dogs allowed?
Sounds incredible?
South Street Seaport Address -- Walk to work on Wall Street with many new restaurants and retail shops nearby?
Spacious Eat-in Kitchen?
Spacious?
St?
Steps to Central Park, Restaurants, & Subway.?
Still not enough space?
Still to come?
Still want more?
Storage for each unit?
Stuyvesant Owners Inc. is a 17 story co-op building that features a part time doorman, bike room, newly renovated laundry room, live?
Suburbs in NYC?
Sun drenched with big windows in every room, large closets and high ceilings, what's not to love?
Sun room/Office?
Sun-Drenched?
Sunset Park 8 Family with 1 Empty Apartment?
Tall ceilings throughout?
Tall windows invite generous sunlight streaming into both levels.??
Tell me what you care about, we have the perfect match for you: Location, commute, public transportation?
The "cook's kitchen?
The 20-seat screening room?
The apartment's beautiful prewar details include high beamed ceilings, handsome wood?
The attraction to the B line on this floor is what truly sets this residence apart from other units in the building?
The basement is fully finished with?
the best master closet in harlem?
The building is amazingly situated to all of the UWS treasures?
The building is in average condition,??
The building is pet-friendly, permits 50%?
The building's red brick façade has elaborate terra cotta window treatments and it is part of the NYC Landmarks Preservation Commission's West-End Collegiate Historic District Extension. ??
The closest grocery stores are 173 Grocery Deli, Bangla Grocery??????????????
The epitome of elegance and class?
The excitement, the lights, the sounds, the energy?
the finishes want something even more opulent and grand?
The foyer leads to the light-?lled living room which faces a beautiful tree-lined street, and to the formal dining room, providing a wonderful?
The Gramercy Club?
THE GREAT OUTDOORS, ALL YEAR ROUND Wouldn't it be marvelous to live in a full-service building in Park Slope?
The Lafayette Cooperative is an immaculately maintained residence?
The living room & dining room have been enlarged by incorporating the third bedroom as an open den / home office / library area, next to which is the feature that every trendy living space calls a "must-have?
The Normandy140 Riverside Drive,10DUpper West Side, New YorkFabulous beautifully-designed, super-spacious convertible 2 bedroom apartment with a huge 20'4?
The one bedroom one bathroom with open kitchen/living room layout is the perfect starter home, FIRST TIME HOME BUYER?
The outdoor lounge?
the outdoors in with floor to ceiling retractable french doors over looking a 4 level tiered yard- infinity pool?-hot tub?
The possibilities are endless; where will you begin?
The properties listed below are to be sold in an All cash sale or 25% down + financing thru a 3rd party private money provider.?
the question would you like to serve a culinary meal for 12 or have a reception for 100 people?
The re?ned industrial aesthetic of 161 12th Street's exterior architecture is complemented by sophisticated interiors that pair minimalist lines with rich?
The residence boasts loft-like 10'-6?
The residence features solid 5?
The residence's pièce de résistance?
The secret sauce?
The spa like marble bathroom has an oversized Kohler sink, and soaking tub, want more?
The space can be transformed to whatever fits your needs.?
The spacious living area features beautiful solid oak flooring, classic beamed ceilings, and plenty of room for a full suite of furniture?
The spacious redesigned interiors are also brightened by windows facing north, south and west.?
The sta?
The subject property is located five blocks away from the 45th Street [N,R] Train Station, providing easy access to Manhattan and the rest of Brooklyn.?
The superb location is near many parks, the Hudson River promenade, Westfield featuring Eataly, the enormous French market & restaurant complex?
the ultimate setting to live, dine, and entertain?
The windowed full bath with a walk-in shower is adorned with lovely white subway tiles.?
then some, all at this price?
There are two perfect kid bedrooms with bespoke built-in, underlit desks, bookshelves, concealed storage, LED lighting, a "secret?
There is a full "work and tool?
There is a peaceful landscaped roof garden, state-of-the-art gym, individual storage unit, bicycle room, and is pet friendly.?
There's a generous sized private yard and a separate garage. ?
There's also a a second bathroom with walk-in shower and linen closet.?
Thinking about a private tour?
Thinking of selling or buying a home?
Thinking of where to go and what to do this spring-summer?
this 3 bedroom, 2 bath home is spacious and light, with windows on three sides?
This 9-story building was erected in 1929 as the armory for the 77th "Statue of Liberty?
This bright open model was built with the best layout, giving you two large bedrooms on either ends of the apartment, super high 10?
This fantastic penthouse's crowning glory is the expansive 915-square-foot roof terrace?
This gorgeous, stretch layout has hardwood floors, an abundance of closets and overhead storage, south and west facing exposures, and did we mention the in-unit washer/dryer?
This home is in a super convenient location, just off of Kings Highway with plenty of stores?
This home is your blank slate?
This home will check all your boxes - ready?
This home Will not last!!!!?
This house features a 3 bedroom 1 bathroom owners suite with a patio and backyard and a 3 bed 1 bath second suite.?
This is the opportunity you've been waiting for so why settle?
This is your opportunity to buy a large, Deluxe 1BR with unobstructed water views on a high floor at a low price in the Towers at Water's Edge?
This sleek, contemporary residence features 9'8?
This sought after newly renovated and appealing two bedroom, two bath duplex "Townhouse 47?
This sun-filled home?
This unit showcases a Living Room, Dining Room, Kitchen, On Suite Master Bedroom with?
Three Collister's third level features 4 large bedrooms?
Tired of cookie cutters apartments?
Tired of paying rent?
Tired of the cookie cutter renovations?
To Sum it Up, If You Are Looking For A Truly One Of a Kind Home - Stop Everything Your're Doing and Call Us To View It Today?
Too cool for school?
Too expensive or in need of too much work?
Too good to be true?
Too many cooks in the kitchen?
Transcendent spaces in this one-of-a-kind healthful "light spa?
Transportation is a breeze with the F/G train Carroll Street station just a few minutes away.?
Transportation is a breeze with the F/G train one block away.?
Travel frequently?
Unobstructed, spectacular views of the Hudson River and the Palisades in every room?
Up-sizing?
Utilize these spaces to suit your personal needs... bedrooms, den, home office?
Viewing is limited to?
Want a wonderful two bedroom/1-1/2 bath pied-a-terre or residence?
Want Parking?
Want to add your own touch to create your dream residence?
want to add your own touches to create your dream residence?
Want to add your own touches to create your ream residence in booming east flatbush?
WANT TO BE ENTERTAINING IN YOUR OWN HOME FOR THE HOLIDAYS?
Want to customize your dream dwelling?
Want to generate income?
Want to hop on the bus?
Want to live in the center of it all?
Want to live on a prime Central Park Block?
Want to take a stroll?
Waterfront townhouse living in Brooklyn Heights, does it get any better?
Welcome to 2FF, at nicely proportioned alcove studio at 30 East 9th Street in the heart of Greenwich Village & NYU.Just last week we've installed a new?
Well Maintained Property On A 40?x100?
WHAT ARE IN SURROUNDING COMMUNITY?
What are you waiting for?
What better neighborhood to invest in??
What can be better than living the life between Riverside Drive & West End Ave?
What is the icing on the cake?
what makes this home a magnet for renters?
What More Can You Ask For?
What style kitchen strikes your fancy?
What will you be getting if you lived here?
What would all this be without mentioning the newly renovated bathroom?
What you've been looking for, for so long, but unable to find?
What's better than two bed rooms for the price of one?
What's more?
What's not to love?
WHATELSE ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?
Whats Your Home Worth?
Whats Your Home Worth?
When can you move in?
Where can you buy a condo in 2019 and not have to pay taxes until 2027?
Where else can you find a renovated one bedroom apartment like this one for such a great price?
Where else can you get public transportation, a turn-key building and rental income for this price in Brooklyn?
Where in Jackson Heights Will You Find an Affordable One Bedroom With The Lowest Monthly Maintenance?
Where will you venture to first?
Where will you venture to next?
WHERE, ON NY HARBOR, IS MANHTN-Vu PENTHS TO EQUAL THIS?
Which staircase to choose?
Who does not love a good summer BBQ?
Who doesn't love a great kitchen?
Who is James Samuel Thomas Stranahan?
Who says you can't have it all?
Who wouldn't want to rent this place?
Why are you still reading this?
Why come home to a generic, glass and steel monolith when you can live in one of the most iconic buildings in New York City?
Why compromise on amenities when you can have it all?
Why is 15 Central Park West one of the most sought-after condominium buildings in New York?
Why is 15 CPW So Valuable?
Why pay for other people's taste?
why pay rent?
Why pay rent when you can own this surprisingly spacious two bedroom condo located in Parkchester?
Why pay rent when you can own?
Why pay rent?
Why rent when you can buy?
Why rent when you can own & build equity?
Why rent when you can own a detached home located in the Heart of Rosebank?
Why rent when you can own for less in this investor friendly building with very low maintenance?
Why rent when you can own for less?
Why rent when you can own this all brick 3 bedroom house, with private backyard?
Why rent when you can own this fabulous studio in Midtown East, at such an affordable price?
Why rent when you can own this gem?
Why rent when you can own this oversized, quiet one bedroom with four closets?
Why rent when you can own this stylish studio for a bargain price in the best Center Slope location?
Why rent when you can own?
Why rent when you can own???
Why rent?
Why Rent?????
Why settle for less?
Why settle for one bedroom when you can have TWO?
Why settle when you can have it all?
Why settle?
Why wait when such a sweet offer is your view?
Why wait?
Why would you not come and take a peek at this beautifully renovated apartment?
Will work with buyers?
windows, gracious gallery, which flows seamlessly into a spacious formal dining room, library, and living room, making it ideal to entertain guests, a kitchen equipped with a 36?
With 65 feet of frontage, this property offers large unit layouts with plenty of light and air?
With a 3.7% CAP rate and tax abatement still in place, this is the investment you have been searching for?
With a gorgeous fully renovated kitchen and bath, spacious rooms throughout and across from Central Park, what more can you ask for?
With hardwood floors throughout, high ceilings, exposed brick details, and a functioning wood burning fireplace, what more could you ask for from the perfect 1-bedroom co-op?
With high beamed ceilings, hardwood floors throughout, sunlight all day, 6 windows, plenty of closet space, and two dining spaces, is there more you could ask for?
With plenty of restaurants nearby, why cook?
With room for a big dining room table?
With today's market, are you having a hard time finding that perfect home?
With very low maintenance fees and today's low interests rates why rent when you can own?
Within a few-block radius of the apartment, are more than a dozen restaurants and bars in addition to a wide variety of groceries, banks, drugstores and services including a gym?
Wood floors throughout a powder room a large living room, dining room and eat in kitchen with?
Work from home on occasion?
Worried about whether you can afford it?
Would you like also like to get a 30yr fixed rate loan of below 3.5% & credit for closing costs?
You Know that age old Question: where's Brooklyn at?
You've already walked by and wondered "who on Earth lives there"?
Your Home Worth?
