THE APARTMENT IS AVAILABLE.
The apartment abounds with marvelous Beaux-Arts elements, which include a unique grand circular dining room located within one of the building's iconic rounded corner towers, oversized windows along all three of the home's exposures, and herringbone hardwood flooring.
The apartment allows for a comfortable living room and formal dining room if desired, perfect for entertaining.
The apartment also boasts a galley kitchen with full-sized appliances, new lighting, hardwood floors, a walk-in entrance closet, linen closet and new thru-the-wall AC for year round comfort.
The apartment also boasts a very large coat closet near the entry, as well as a linen closet.
The apartment also boasts a washer/dryer.
The apartment also boasts an additional oversized closet and coat closet at the entryway along with a separate linen closet.
The apartment also comes equipped with an in-unit washer/dryer.
The apartment also comes with 1 parking spot.
The apartment also comes with 2 storage bins in the basement.
The apartment also comes with a large storage cage in the basement.
The apartment also comes with a storage area, through wall AC and washer dryer.
The apartment also comes with a terrific outfitted work space in the gallery and an enlarged outfitted walk-in closet in the master bedroom, as well as other tasteful built-ins, custom blackout shades and a Bosch washer and dryer.
The apartment also comes with additional storage space.
The apartment also comes with its own private storage unit.
The apartment also comes with two deeded storage rooms.
The apartment also contains an all-weather air conditioning system.
The apartment also enjoys the luxury of an in unit Washing Machine & Dryer and great attic that could be utilized as a storage space.
The apartment also features 11 ft high ceilings and a full size Samsung front load washer and dryer!
The apartment also features 9' ft ceilings in living room, oak flooring, solid wood core doors, electronic window shades, additional customized closets, a washer/ dryer, and central air.
The apartment also features 9-foot beamed ceilings and generous South and West exposures, bathing the space in natural sunlight throughout the day.
The apartment also features Bosh washer and dryer and private storage.
The apartment also features Lutron lighting, wood floors, custom cabinetry and through wall air-conditioning.
The apartment also features a 212 Sq Ft private terrace, not included in the above square footage, with breathtaking City views and lovely backlit stained glass window.
The apartment also features a Bosch washer/dryer, a generous entry coat closet, linen closet, and oak engineered wood flooring throughout.
The apartment also features a Bosch washer/dryer.
The apartment also features a Frigidaire washer/dryer set, herringbone floor, powder room, great closet space, and entry foyer.
The apartment also features a beautifully appointed kitchen, beautifully detailed hardwood floors, 10.5' ceilings, and 2 wood-burning fireplaces.
The apartment also features a butler staircase for basement access and/or yard access.
The apartment also features a customized lighting control system allowing you to set different scenes and moods, and an open chef's kitchen with beautiful appliances and granite countertops.
The apartment also features a guest powder room, a full laundry room along with 3 zones Central AC and a private storage in the basement.
The apartment also features a guest powder room, a full laundry room along with 3 zones Central AC.
The apartment also features a hardwood floors throughout, French doors, unusually high ceilings, classic moldings, custom made radiator covers, lots of windows allowing for plenty of light throughout the day and ample closet space.
The apartment also features a huge second bedroom with en suite bathroom and ample closet space.
The apartment also features a huge walk-in closet and a renovated ½ bath for you or your guests to easily access.
The apartment also features a large entry foyer that can easily double as a home office.
The apartment also features a large marble bath and an open kitchen equipped with full-size refrigerator, four-burner gas stove, dishwasher, microwave and ample cabinetry and counter space.
The apartment also features a large powder room and laundry room.
The apartment also features a lavish marble bathroom, crown moldings with high ceilings, ample closet space, and a renovated pass-through kitchen with marble counter-top with a breakfast bar (very rare for similar units in the building).Located in the heart of Turtle Bay, at The Club at Turtle Bay is an amazing, 40-story condo building crowned by a spectacular 360-degree roof terrace and Sky Lounge.
The apartment also features a modernized bath with custom sink vanity, extra-wide mirrored storage cabinet, and decorative hexagonal tile accents throughout.
The apartment also features a powder room - perfect for when entertaining guests.
The apartment also features a powder room, a laundry room with a Miele washer/dryer and extra storage space.
The apartment also features a private deeded roof terrace, Central A/C & Heat, ADT Security System, and video intercom.
The apartment also features a renovated bathroom, hardwood floors, recessed lighting, through-wall AC, and 4 large closets.
The apartment also features a separate walk-in closet with dressing area just off of the bathroom.
The apartment also features a spacious eat-in kitchen with solid wood cabinetry.
The apartment also features a spacious walk-in closet, plus a private storage unit in the basement with room for your bike!
The apartment also features a stunning powder room with a custom Star White marble vanity and mirror, Stellar White marble flooring, a striking polished Bosco marble accent wall, also with Waterworks fixtures and accessories.
The apartment also features a unique front porch area before entering the apartment, and the apartment faces onto the buildings common grounds which feels like you have a park just outside your door.
The apartment also features a very large refrigerated walk-in wine storage closet with a wet bar and a full size
The apartment also features a washer/dryer in unit.
The apartment also features an open alcove windowed kitchen with top of the line appliances including a Sub-Zero Stainless Fridge, a Viking Oven and Gas Stove Top, a Bosch Dishwasher, and an in-sink garbage disposal.
The apartment also features an updated windowed bathroom, new air conditioners, abundant closets throughout, and all of the bedrooms can easily fit a king size bed.
The apartment also features architectural lighting, separately controlled AC in each room, and a washer/dryer.
The apartment also features beautiful strip hardwood floors, crown and base moldings, large thermo pane windows and through wall air conditioning.
The apartment also features blonde walnut hardwood flooring, split zone heating and cooling units in the living area and bedrooms, as well as large oversized windows and a washer/dryer combo unit.
The apartment also features crown molding and plank-style hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment also features deeded parking and storage (INCLUDED), a corner glass living room with bright beautiful natural light, and a warm and comfortable feel.
The apartment also features designer bathrooms by Waterworks, solid oak floors, high ceilings, excellent closet space, washer & dryer, and a highly sought after STORAGE CLOSET!
The apartment also features elegant hardwood floors, new LED light fixtures throughout a large dining foyer, a corner bedroom with double exposure (SW) and 4 large closets.
The apartment also features exposed brick, a large living room with decorative fireplace, a large bedroom with a walk in closet and washer/dryer.
The apartment also features extra height ceilings at 12 ft with beautiful dark hardwood flooring throughout.
The apartment also features four large customized closets.
The apartment also features hardwood floors and 10' ceilings throughout.
The apartment also features hardwood floors and copious storage.
The apartment also features high ceilings throughout.
The apartment also features large picture windows in the living room and double hung thermal break aluminum windows with Low Energy Glass, Argon gas filled, with block and tackle balanced windows in all rooms.
The apartment also features the ultimate rarity in New York apartments: closets, closets, closets.
The apartment also features thermostat controlled central heating and cooling as well as private storage in the building.
The apartment also features two bathrooms, a powder room and a washer and dryer.
The apartment also features updated kitchen and bath as well as some incredible closet space.
The apartment also had a sophisticated lighting and state of the art media system, along with motorized black-out and sun shades, and climate controls.
The apartment also has a Bosch washer / vented dryer.
The apartment also has a Bosch washing machine and dryer.
The apartment also has a Large walk in closet for storage.
The apartment also has a full bathroom and a windowed half bath, which could easily be converted into a full.
The apartment also has a gas fireplace, gorgeous wide plank oak floors and incredible closet space all built out by California Closets.
The apartment also has a media room, 4 bedrooms, and 4 full bathrooms.
The apartment also has a powder room as well as state-of-the art climate control, electronic shades and built-in sound system.
The apartment also has a powder room, a washer/dryer, and a storage bin in the basement of the building, where there is a parking garage with special rates for the shareholders.
The apartment also has a private entrance and private access to a backyard.
The apartment also has a vented Washer/Dryer and hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment also has a washer/dryer hookup in a separate closet.
The apartment also has a washer/dryer, central heating and cooling and two large closets, including a walk-in.
The apartment also has access to the shared roofdeck.
The apartment also has all new electric and an adjustable lighting system.
The apartment also has an eat-in-kitchen or office with an oversize window facing iconic Beekman Place.
The apartment also has an in unit Blomberg Washer/Dryer.
The apartment also has an in-unit washer-dryer and plenty of ancillary storage space.45
The apartment also has dinette, office area and a Large walk in closet for storage.
The apartment also has direct access to a gorgeous garden shared with only a few other units in the building.
The apartment also has generous closet space.
The apartment also has hardwood floors throughout, a spacious bath and a newly renovated kitchen with stainless steel appliances.
The apartment also has high ceilings with floor-to-ceiling windows, filling each room with natural light.
The apartment also has high ceilings, high hat lighting through out, a large balcony over looking the city, and a plethora of closets including a massive walk in closet in the master bedroom.
The apartment also has lots of closet space with California Closet systems, a Bosch washer /dryer, as well as a Balcony that allows you to experience the orange glow of West facing sunsets.
The apartment also has three additional bedrooms with en-suite baths that are a continuation of the superior design and neutral palette epitomized in the Master.
The apartment also has two additional bedrooms - one with Park views, the other with River views.
The apartment also has two additional bedrooms with fabulous river views and en-suite baths that are a continuation of the superior design and neutral palette epitomized in the Master.
The apartment also has two additional oversized bedrooms and separate staff room with its own full bath.
The apartment also has two large bedrooms with en suite baths and an additional two (2) powder rooms.
The apartment also has washer and dryer hook ups!
The apartment also includes 4 entrances, a private patio as well as an abundance of sunlight with multiple windows throughout the home.
The apartment also includes 7 closets, beautiful high beamed ceilings, through-wall a/c and hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment also includes Laundry and abundant closet space throughout.
The apartment also includes a 4-pipe fan coil HVAC system and Kraus home automation system.
The apartment also includes a newly renovated marble bathroom, washer and dryer and plenty of closet space - six in total, very functional ed elegant layout for entertaining and a comfortable daily living.
The apartment also includes a storage bin, wine storage in a temperature controlled wine cellar, and two bicycle parking spots.
The apartment also includes all-new through-wall PTAC units for heat and air conditioning and recessed lighting throughout.
The apartment also includes central air conditioning, hardwood floors throughout, electronic shades, an alarm system, and a washer dryer.
The apartment also includes custom blinds, solid wood floors, and a large balcony.
The apartment also includes intercom, shower/tub, AC unit, dishwasher, fridge/freezer, stove-top and beautiful full length mirrored walls!
The apartment also offers a bonus home office.
The apartment also offers a washer/dryer in unit, an office space and a storage room.
The apartment also offers individual temperature controls.
The apartment also offers residents an overlarge room for private storage or can be utilized as a home office.
The apartment and its appliances have been lightly used as this is a pied-a-terre owner.
The apartment and private terrace has spectacular views of empire state building and downtown city.
The apartment beckons the discerning buyer looking to create their perfect three or four bedroom home in which to live and grow.
The apartment benefits from a washer/dryer.
The apartment benefits from sunshine from mid-morning until sunset.
The apartment blends pre-war details with the contemporary genius of Peter Marino, Ash black wood floors, hand painted walls and mahogany millwork makes this a truly special home in a very special New York building.
The apartment boast sundrenched south facing windows, original hardwood floors, cedar closet, gorgeous light fixtures and an uncanny design that makes this 802 square foot apartment seem sprawling.
The apartment boast; high ceilings, beautiful hardwood oak floors, exposed brick, and a spacious open kitchen.
The apartment boasts 14 huge closets which provide incredible storage space.
The apartment boasts North facing windows in the bedroom and west facing windowed kitchen and bathroom.
The apartment boasts a beautiful spa-like marble bath with oversized glass enclosed shower with rainfall Starck fixtures.
The apartment boasts a large entry with marble powder room for guests.
The apartment boasts a large, open kitchen complete with top of the line stainless steel appliances and wine fridge.
The apartment boasts a modern separate windowed kitchen and a spacious living room, ideal for distinct cooking and entertaining spaces.
The apartment boasts a pass-thru kitchen with lovely cabinetry and stainless-steel appliances, while the building offers a full suite of top-notch amenities including 24-hour concierge services, a forty-foot indoor pool, furnished rooftop terrace, a state-of-the-art multi-level fitness center, children's playroom, and more.
The apartment boasts a recently renovated kitchen complete with a dishwasher, shaker cabinets, and granite countertops.
The apartment boasts a renovated windowed kitchen with stainless steel appliances and beautiful granite counters, renovated bathrooms, large closets and spacious bedrooms.
The apartment boasts a separate windowed EAT-IN kitchen, a windowed bathroom with a deep soaking tub, large bedroom and generous closet space throughout.
The apartment boasts a spacious Living room, comfortable Dinning area, abundant closets (4 in total) and a separate Kitchen with stainless steel appliances.
The apartment boasts a spacious living/dining room area with western light and unobstructed views of the Chrysler building and the city skyline.
The apartment boasts a windowed open kitchen with granite countertops, custom cabinets, high end appliances, Washer & Dryer, and a new sparkling white marble bathroom, complete with a Zuma soaking tub.
The apartment boasts access to a massive PRIVATE GARDEN!
The apartment boasts an abundance of storage space including 4 walk-in closets.
The apartment boasts an abundance of walk-in closets and the windowed kitchen and bathrooms are waiting to be reimagined.
The apartment boasts an award-winning, Siematic custom kitchen with Miele kitchen appliances, and Miele washer/dryer.
The apartment boasts an extraordinary renovation and ideal layout representing Upper West Side living at
The apartment boasts an open chef's kitchen with stone countertops and stainless steel appliances, beautiful hardwood floors, beamed ceiling, crown and baseboard molding, through wall A/C, recessed lighting, and enlarged closet doors.
The apartment boasts approximately 1800 square feet of tranquil, perfectly designed space.
The apartment boasts beautiful prewar detailing, arches, gorgeous hardwood floors, and high ceilings throughout.
The apartment boasts character at an estimated 700 square feet encompassing 9'3" high-beamed ceilings, original herringbone flooring, and white barn door style closets.
The apartment boasts french oak wood flooring throughout.
The apartment boasts graceful arched doorways which only add to the elegance and charm of this beautiful apartment and the apartment also benefits from having your own private locked storage room.
The apartment boasts hardwood floors, 9'10 inch+/- ceilings, a large updated windowed kitchen having an abundance of cabinets, name stainless steel appliances including a dishwasher, wide granite counters, an in-unit washer/dryer, a windowed bathroom having a cast iron tub, 2 bedrooms each having potential double hung closets, a windowed living/dining room, plus a sizeable windowed den or 3rd bedroom having a decorative fireplace and walk-in closet connected to the one in the living room.
The apartment boasts high ceilings and beautifully finished floors.
The apartment boasts high loft-like ceilings throughout, a gracious split-bedroom layout, modern details, and stainless steel Kohler sink and built in appliance.
The apartment boasts lovely pale blond hardwood floor in wonderful condition.
The apartment boasts nearly 1400 sq ft of open layout adorned with original detail such as mahogany paneling throughout the dining room and original parquet flooring highlighted with inlaid borders that add to the original pre-war charm.
The apartment boasts plenty of the classic details such as crown moldings, solid oak herringbone floors, and is updated with modern features throughout such as recessed lighting, central HVAC with separate room controls.
The apartment boasts soaring high ceilings, a pass-thru kitchen with custom cabinetry and stainless steel appliances, and much more.
The apartment boasts spectacular Central Park views, original moldings, wainscoting, hardware, and doors.
The apartment boasts stunning 4-inch solid white oak hardwood floors, lavish marble surfaces, 9-foot ceilings, and abundant built-out closets.
The apartment boasts top-line finishes throughout.
The apartment boasts wood floors throughout, plenty of natural light, and a large south-facing terrace.
The apartment borders Crown height and Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood.
The apartment building is close to the waterfront, which includes a bike path and pedestrian walking areas.
The apartment can also be converted into 2-bedroom, see alternative floor plan.
The apartment can also be sold furnished.
The apartment can also function as an ideal Manhattan pied-a-terre securely located within a white-glove building with 5-star hotel services proximate to every convenience.
The apartment can be configured to have an open concept kitchen and 3rd bedroom, if preferred!
The apartment can be converted to a 1 bedroom and features a large private patio that is perfect for entertaining and enjoying with friends.
The apartment can be customized to suit an individual's taste and specifications.
The apartment can be delivered finished upon request to your design and liking.
The apartment can be delivered furnished or unfurnished.
The apartment can be delivered with or without a tenant in place.
The apartment can be easily controlled with the custom Crestron control system, has a multi-zone central air conditioning throughout and is humidity controlled.
The apartment can be moved into as is, however, depending on preference, it may need some work.
The apartment can be sold furnished.
The apartment can easily be configured as a 3-bedroom.
The apartment can easily fit all the furniture of a one bedroom with space to spare!
The apartment combines pre-war charm with a high-end modern renovation.
The apartment comes alive at night, with artful lighting and a suspended track that turns the 26' hallway into a gallery space.
The apartment comes complete with HVAC units, hardwood floors, and views from every room.
The apartment comes equipped with central air, Washer/Dryer included, and video intercom.
The apartment comes includes a 4x7 extra storage space in the basement and COVERED PARKING SPOT.
The apartment comes outfitted with window treatments, customized closets and an incredible utility closet with washer dryer.
The apartment comes pre-wired for surround sound which allows users to easily install an entertainment system.
The apartment comes with 2 storage bins, W/D, bike storage in basement and pets allowed.
The apartment comes with a dedicated storage room and a 200-bottle wine cellar.
The apartment comes with a dedicated storage unit and the building features a common laundry room and a fitness room.
The apartment comes with a deeded storage space.
The apartment comes with a private storage cage but there is also a separate air conditioning room to store those units off season.
The apartment comes with a private storage room off the entry hall and a separate walk-in laundry room maximizing storage throughout.
The apartment comes with a private storage space.
The apartment comes with a private storage unit in the basement.
The apartment comes with a storage bin, W/D, bike storage in basement and pets allowed.
The apartment comes with a storage bin, bike storage in basement and pets allowed.
The apartment comes with a storage unit as well.
The apartment comes with a washer/dryer and an abundance of closets.
The apartment comes with a washer/dryer.
The apartment comes with additional basement storage space and the building boasts a common roof deck, currently undergoing an upgrade, with incredible views of the city skyline.
The apartment comes with four very large storage rooms plus two silver vaults (with approximately an additional 400-500 square feet of space).
The apartment comes with its own private storage.
The apartment comes with motorized sun and privacy shades, a washer & dryer, a/v system, 2 storage spaces and buyers will have the option of purchasing a coveted, deeded parking spot in the building for an additional $250,000 for their use or to rent out.
The apartment comes with storage space as well.
The apartment comes with storage space in the basement and features low monthlies!
The apartment comes with the floor level hallway, stairs to the bulkhead and entire private roof deeded with it.
The apartment comes with the largest private storage unit in the building, over 300 sq ft. 508 West 24th Street is situated in the West Chelsea Gallery District and is directly adjacent to the famous High Line Park.
The apartment comes with two storage bins and wine cellar.
The apartment comes with your own storage cage at no extra charge.
The apartment consists of 6 over-sized closets, ample storage areas, and a large living room/ dining area and W/D in unit.
The apartment consists of an open kitchen, spacious living room and bedroom, foyer, bathtub and shower bathroom.
The apartment consists of two bedrooms, living room, bathroom and a galley kitchen.
The apartment contains abundant storage, with three coat closets in the foyer, in addition to the washer/dryer closet area.
The apartment contains large soundproof picture windows from which endless sunshine streams in and through which one sees the East River, the Chrysler Building , the Freedom Tower and the United Nations.
The apartment contains panoramic views North, East and South with both open city and river views as far as the eye can see.
The apartment conveniently features laundry machines in the unit, as well as walk-in closets on either side.
The apartment conveys with outside storage.
The apartment covers approx.
The apartment currently has 2 split bedrooms but could easily be converted back to the original 3 bedroom layout.
The apartment currently has tenant who lease expires 9/30/2020
The apartment directly faces Riverside Park and the Hudson River and has western exposure from every room.
The apartment does have a washer/dryer, there is also a laundry room in the basement.
The apartment does have built - ins and a large windowed living room.
The apartment does offer parking, via a wait list, but street parking is never an issue.
The apartment enjoys South, East and West exposures, 5 closets!, recently renovated with new wide plank hardwood floors, skim-coated walls, crown moldings, high ceilings and is extremely quiet to boot as it is in the back of the building.
The apartment enjoys a water view.
The apartment enjoys all open North exposures with views up Seventh Ave to Carnegie Hall.
The apartment enjoys close proximity to Hudson River Park, the High Line, The Whitney Museum, as well as the shops and restaurants of the Meatpacking District and charming West Village.
The apartment enters from a semi-private elevator landing.
The apartment entrance is clad in a stone surround.
The apartment entrance leads into a bright, open living, dining and kitchen area complete with white washed French oak floors.
The apartment exudes character with gleaming hardwood flooring, airy beamed ceilings, tasteful moldings, large northern and eastern windows, and honed glass doorknobs acquired from an old-fashioned hardware store in Pennsylvania.
The apartment exudes the charm and character of a bygone era including tall ten foot ceilings, wide plank oak floors, and hand carved moldings.
The apartment faces North and East, with widows in both directions.
The apartment faces North and West and provides one of the quietest exposures in the building as well as a flood of natural light at all hours.
The apartment faces North and has open views and gets good light while being extremely quiet.
The apartment faces South, East and West and it is flooded with light all day long.
The apartment faces West with a charming city view looking into the Chrysler Building.
The apartment faces West, over broad, tranquil yard and cityscape views.
The apartment faces a courtyard, so there's very little city traffic noise.
The apartment faces a quiet, beautiful tree-lined street on Sutton Place South.
The apartment faces front of the building with top line tree views, and looks out onto the beautiful brownstones across the quiet tree lined street.
The apartment faces north & is light & quiet, wood floors & CENTRAL AIR-CONDITIONING.
The apartment faces north and overlooks a lush and tranquil garden surrounded by beautiful foliage.
The apartment faces north receiving a ton of natural light.
The apartment faces onto a quiet, tree lined street.
The apartment faces south and gets wonderful light on
The apartment faces south and has very good light.
The apartment faces south and is filled with natural light.
The apartment faces south and is light and bright, side views of the East River from the living room, dining area and master bedroom.
The apartment faces south and west and is sunny and bright with views of the trees and oblique river views.
The apartment faces south with garden views which makes it bright, quiet and very private.
The apartment faces south with wonderful sunlight filtering through wall to wall windows.
The apartment faces the building interior
The apartment faces the courtyard, eliminating noise from the street and creating a serene outdoor oasis.
The apartment faces the private park enclosed for tenants only.
The apartment faces the quiet and beautiful tree-lined Sutton Place South.
The apartment faces the rear of the building providing a quiet, serene open view of the skyline & trees.
The apartment features
The apartment features 1 Large Bedroom and 1 Large Bathroom, Polished Hardwood Floors, Large Closets, GE & Frigidaire Gallery Appliances, Polished Cherry Wood Cabinets, Contemporary Designed Kitchen and Granite Countertops.
The apartment features 1 bedroom, huge open sun-drenched living room, Spacious closets, Eat-in kitchen and a full Bath.
The apartment features 1,100 sq ft of living space and 1,100 sq ft of private outdoor space.
The apartment features 10 foot ceilings, oversized windows, separate dining alcove, updated windowed kitchen with full size appliances LOTS of closets and much more!
The apartment features 10 ft ceilings, over-sized noise proof windows with picturesque Eastern exposure, herringbone hardwood floors and recessed lighting throughout as well as multi-zone Central Air Conditioning/Heating.
The apartment features 14 foot ceilings and excellent storage.
The apartment features 2 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms, an open Bulthaup kitchen with CaesarStone Counters, Bosch and Sub-Zero appliances.
The apartment features 4 closets all together.
The apartment features 4, bedrooms, 6 baths,living room with a wood burning fireplace, formal dining room, library (or 5th bedroom), eat-in-kitchen with state of the art appliances, maids room with a full bath, 10 foot ceilings, hardwood floors throughout, washer/dryer, oversized windows and abundant closets.
The apartment features 5 expansive closets to meet your storage needs, has an updated bathroom and hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment features 9 foot ceilings, oversized windows, mahogany floors, washer/dryer, newly renovated eat-in kitchen with top of the line appliances.
The apartment features 9 foot ceilings, refinished floors, fully renovated kitchen with dishwasher and bathroom with a beautiful vanity and hardware.
The apartment features 9 ft Ceilings,wood floors,renovated kitchen, great closet space and Washer and Dryer in the unit.
The apartment features 9"6" ceilings, open view with ample sunlight all day long and sprawling hardwood floors through-out the apartment The open kitchen with breakfast bar is a modernistic design with lots of white cabinetry and top of the line stainless steel appliances.
The apartment features 9' 8" ceiling heights and burmese teak flooring throughout.
The apartment features 9'8" ceilings, a built-in home office, washer/dryer, multi-zone climate control system, high-speed internet, cable television and abundant storage and closet space.
The apartment features 9+ Foot Ceilings, gorgeous Mahogany stained oak floors, and top of the line GE Profile stainless steel kitchen appliances and Carrara marble countertops.
The apartment features 9ft ceilings, 2 generously sized bedrooms, a corner living room and an oversized open kitchen with a built-in breakfast bar, SubZero, Miele & Bosch stainless steel appliances and an abundance of storage.
The apartment features A Welcoming Hallway, Large Living Room.
The apartment features Brazilian cherry wood floors throughout, 9' ceilings, living room with separate dining area, and a windowed kitchen with stainless steel appliances and dishwasher.
The apartment features Brazilian hardwood floors, custom back-lit built-ins in the living and master, and Italian designer finishes throughout.
The apartment features Brazilian walnut wood floors throughout, and additional sound proofing and corner location makes it pin drop quiet.
The apartment features Brazilian wenge floors, custom built-ins and a wood burning fireplace which create an elegant yet intimate backdrop for entertaining and day-to-day living alike, while the kitchen is highlighted by Wolf, Viking, and Sub Zero appliances and a 12 foot marble island.
The apartment features Colombo Italian grand dining room with breathtaking city views; oversized living room with sleek Colombo Italian designed pocket doors leading into the library/ 2nd bedroom with ensuite marble bathroom and walk in closet.
The apartment features Entrance foyer, a remodel Pass thru Kitchen with stainless steel appliances, new Hardwood wood floors throughout , Marble Bath, great closet space including a large walk in closet and oversize windows.
The apartment features Floor-to-Ceiling Windows, an Open Windowed Chef's Kitchen, Granite Counter Tops, Marble Bathrooms, Hardwood Floors W/D and More...
The apartment features Hardwood Floors, Pass-through Kitchen with white marble Counter-tops, a Windowed Marble Bathroom.
The apartment features Hardwood Floors, an Open Chef's Kitchen, Granite Counter Tops, Stainless Steel Appliances, Marble Bathrooms, and More...
The apartment features Pewter Maple plank flooring, new baseboards, and crown molding throughout.
The apartment features Swedish oak wood floor, Bosche washer/dryer.
The apartment features Two Fireplaces, Hardwood Floors, High Ceilings, Quiet Windows, Marble Bathrooms, a Storage Unit, and More_ With Open Views and a Great Amount of Light, this One of a Kind Apartment
The apartment features a David Rockwell designed open kitchen that includes a large center island with seating for 5, custom Italian cabinetry by Schiffini, Corian counter-tops and energy star appliances such as two 30" Sub-Zero refrigerators, Thermador oven/cook top, wine refrigerator and Miele dishwasher.
The apartment features a Miele washer/dryer, electric shades and custom closets throughout.
The apartment features a One-of-a-Kind Marble Chef's Kitchen with Miele Appliances, a Built-In Espresso Coffee Maker and Wine Refrigerator, Custom Contemporary Cabinets and More_
The apartment features a One-of-a-Kind Marble Chef's Kitchen, Custom Contemporary Cabinets, Huge Open Living Room with Fireplace, Dining Area, Hardwood Floors, State-of-the-Art Finishes, Huge Walk-
The apartment features a Sunny great room with 10' high beamed ceilings and is accented with a fireplace and dining area that is perfect for entertaining.
The apartment features a balcony off the living room.
The apartment features a beautiful entry foyer this flows into a generous spacious living room with a separate dining room, a modern well-appointed galley kitchen, a very large spacious bedroom with generous closet space throughout, a unique apartment with impressive corner light filled wraparound bay windows.
The apartment features a big Living Room with Dining Room, 2 Balconies!!
The apartment features a brand new chef's kitchen with all Stainless Steel high-end appliances, and Custom Cabinetry.
The apartment features a bright, full updated bathroom with stunning tile and pedestal sink, and a tiled kitchen with stainless steel appliances and solid-surface counter tops.
The apartment features a chef's kitchen with granite countertops, upgraded stainless steel appliances, under cabinet lighting, garbage disposal, and instant hot water.
The apartment features a comfortable layout with recently upgraded kitchen appliances, new floors throughout, light fixtures.
The apartment features a generous, Zen-like bedroom with a walk-in-closet and fabulous rooftop views (and even a peek at NY Harbor).
The apartment features a generously sized foyer to greet you, which leads into a living room large enough to include a separate space for dining.
The apartment features a good-sized bedroom with eastern exposure and gorgeous light throughout the day.
The apartment features a gorgeous high end chef's kitchen with breakfast counter open to the living/dining room with a wall of windows facing south to West 70th Street.
The apartment features a gourmet kitchen with top of the line appliances (Wolf and Sub-Zero), 2 designer bathrooms (with a double sink the Master bath), abundant closet space (included a huge walk-in closet), washer/dryer and much more.
The apartment features a gracious entrance foyer opening into a large open concept living room, eat in kitchen with a balcony for your own private outdoor space.
The apartment features a gracious entrance foyer with two large closets and a powder room with an onyx sink.
The apartment features a gracious entry gallery, sprawling 32 ft windowed living room, dining room and windowed open chef kitchen with a 13 ft wide open granite counter and built in wine cooler, marble flooring, top of the line appliances, built in custom pantry and 58 inch oversized brown mahogany cabinetry.
The apartment features a great layout, loads of closet space with washer/ dry combo in unit, bike storage and live -in super.
The apartment features a great layout, separated kitchen with window, large size balcony, walk-in closet inside master bedroom and laundry space inside the apartment.
The apartment features a high end kitchen with a dining room, over sized rooms and 2 brand new bathrooms.
The apartment features a king size bedroom, oversize closets, Elfa shelving systems, eat in kitchen, and hardwood floors.
The apartment features a large eat-in gourmet style kitchen which comes replete with stainless steel appliances, including a dishwasher and custom light grey kitchen cabinets which are offset by the dark grey subway tile backsplash and quartz countertops.
The apartment features a large eat-in kitchen, tons of closet space and light, windowed bathroom, and a separate alcove off the foyer.
The apartment features a large entrance foyer leading to a separate dining gallery.
The apartment features a large entry foyer that works well as a dining area, which flows seamlessly into the 20 x 12 (asf) living / sleeping area.
The apartment features a large entry with powder room for guests.
The apartment features a large king-sized bedroom, five large custom fitted closets, and central a/c.
The apartment features a large living area with a wood burning fireplace and a recently renovated open kitchen fitted with white waterfall counters.
The apartment features a large living room and dining area with customized crown molding.
The apartment features a large living room, an entry foyer / dining room, an eat-in kitchen, a king-size master bedroom and 2nd bedroom/office/den.
The apartment features a large living room, which combined with the contemporary suburban-sized kitchen sporting new cabinets and refrigerator, perfect for entertaining your guests.
The apartment features a large living/dining room with two exposures, open views, windowed eat-in-kitchen, excellent closet space and 10ft ceilings.
The apartment features a large open living room with a built-in bar, oak flooring and a south facing terrace.
The apartment features a large open living/sleeping area which will accommodate a versatile furniture layout, windowed dining alcove, beautiful hardwood floors and abundant closet space.
The apartment features a large, separate kitchen, freshly painted living room, generous closet space and hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment features a lavish master bedroom suite, with his/her bathrooms and his/her closets.
The apartment features a living room with 16-foot-high soaring ceilings, as well as the original Tiffany cast iron arches, encased in an exterior floor-to-ceiling glass curtain wall with Northern exposures, providing partial park views.
The apartment features a massive living room with parquet wood floors, central air and tons of natural light.
The apartment features a master suite with Custom Rain Shower, Radiant Heated Limestone Tile Floors, An open kitchen with SS Appliances, Quartz counter tops and ceramic glass backsplash, wood flooring, tons of closets, in home washer & dryer, balcony, and oversized windows with amazing open west views.
The apartment features a modern kitchen with sleek stainless steel appliances, granite counter tops and a cozy breakfast nook with a large window, facing a quiet picturesque street.
The apartment features a modern luxury kitchen with top-of-the-line stainless steel appliances LG and granite counter tops, radiant heated floor and split A/C LG system, large size balcony from living room and much more MUST SEE.
The apartment features a new renovated kitchen Designed to accommodate for those who cook with an abundant amount of counter space, cabinets and an open eat-in area!
The apartment features a new windowed eat-in-kitchen with Shaker style white cabinets, granite counter tops, tiled backsplash and stainless steel GE appliances, including a refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave and stove.
The apartment features a nicely renovated open kitchen complete with a breakfast bar and an adjacent dining area.
The apartment features a pass through kitchen and parquet floors throughout.
The apartment features a pass-through kitchen and floor-to-ceiling windows.
The apartment features a peerless renovation evoking modern comfort with hints of its 1920s heritage.
The apartment features a plethora of customizations, built-ins and an abundance of storage solutions.
The apartment features a private balcony and sparkles with dark espresso Merbau wide-planked wood floors, floor-to-ceiling windows, 10-foot ceilings, and Nest Thermostats.
The apartment features a renovated kitchen and bath, outfitted closets, new base molding and beautiful hardwood floors.
The apartment features a renovated kitchen with granite countertops, stainless steel appliances, solid wood cabinetry, and a large center island.
The apartment features a renovated kitchen, new wood floors, abundant closets, and the oversized bedroom can easily accommodate a king-sized bed with lots of room to spare.
The apartment features a separate kitchen, spacious dining foyer, large living room with large windows and a glass door which leads to a lovely private terrace overlooking a pretty front garden; two large bedrooms a full bath and 5 large closets.
The apartment features a separate windowed kitchen, spacious living room that could easily fit a Queen size bed , windowed bathroom and spacious separate dressing area.
The apartment features a spacious and bright living / dining area, and a brand new chef's kitchen with all stainless steel appliances, custom cabinetry, 4 burner range, Bosch dishwasher, Bosch Microwave, Quartz countertops, and tons of kitchen storage.
The apartment features a spacious living and dining area with hardwood floors and a large skylight, which floods the home with light all day long.
The apartment features a spacious living/dining room, kitchen that can be opened to the living room, 7 north facing windows (including windowed kitchen and bath), spacious bedroom that easily accommodates a king bed, and an abundance of closet space.
The apartment features a spacious master bedroom with his and hers closets, a second bedroom perfect for a child's room, office or guest bedroom, 9 ft ceilings, plenty of closet space, unique moldings and arches that define the classic characteristics of this pre-war apartment.
The apartment features a spacious open living/dining area, a beautifully renovated eat-in-kitchen and a large south facing terrace for that morning coffee.
The apartment features a state-of-the art- open kitchen with a Miele appliances, Knoll cabinets, vented range and flows elegantly into the living area.
The apartment features a wall of windows facing south and north filling this home with wonderful sunlight all day long and spectacular city views both in the AM and PM.
The apartment features a windowed kitchen and bathroom.
The apartment features abundant closet spaces, high ceiling and marble floors.
The apartment features airy 9' ceiling height, a windowed kitchen, and plentiful closet space.
The apartment features all new windows throughout and W/D are permitted with board approval.
The apartment features an entrance hall with a large closet, bright, large Livingroom with 3 windows, kitchen that opens up into a dining room with an access to a terrace, amazing amount of storage space (six very large closets throughout the apartment including 2 in the bedroom), and large bright bedroom.
The apartment features an entry foyer with two large closets, large windowed kitchen with garden views and a generous living space with room for a full dining room area as well as a comfortable living room.
The apartment features an extra large bedroom (16 x 11) and a great kitchen that can be opened up to become a pass-thru & VIEWS!!
The apartment features an intimate entry foyer with two closets, updated separate windowed kitchen, original mosaic tiled bathroom floor, custom built in closet and a large living space allowing you to configure the apartment in many different ways.
The apartment features an open chef's kitchen with a spacious breakfast bar and Bertazzoni and Bosch appliances, solid oak flooring, incredible closet space, and a Bosch washer and dryer.
The apartment features an open chefs kitchen which is equipped with all Viking Appliances and beautiful Poggenpohl dark wood cabinetry and is perfect for entertaining.
The apartment features an open kitchen for the discerning chef which includes custom Italian cabinetry, Meile appliances and white marble counter tops.
The apartment features an open kitchen with stainless steel appliances and stone counter tops.
The apartment features an open plan, 34 ft living / dining space with modern open concept kitchen (featuring granite countertops, custom cabinetry and high-quality appliances, including Sub Zero refrigerator, Bertazzoni cooker, and Miele dishwasher).
The apartment features an over-sized living room ideal for entertaining with large windows and a dining area.
The apartment features an over-sized, bright, Living room with 3 windows and hardwood floors, lots of closets, kitchen that opens up into a dining room with an access to a terrace, large, bright bedrooms with large closets & more.
The apartment features an oversized living room, large bedroom, windowed kitchen, dining area and bathroom.
The apartment features an oversized, bright living room, beautiful hardwood floors, granite counter tops, stainless steel appliances, windowed bathroom with jetted whirlpool, and lots of closets!!!
The apartment features an oversized, bright, Livingroom with 3 windows, lots of closets, kitchen (with Stainless Steel appliances and lots of kitchen cabinets) that opens up into a dining room with an access to a terrace, large, bright bedrooms with large closets & more.
The apartment features an oversized, bright, Livingroom with 3 windows, lots of closets, kitchen that opens up into a dining room with an access to a terrace, large, bright bedrooms with large closets & more.
The apartment features approximately 9' ceilings, floor to ceiling windows, morning and midday sun, a large living/dining area, a large sleeping alcove area which is currently enclosed with a pressurized wall and door which can remain or easily be removed back to an open floorplan, three large and organized closets and a Bosch washer/dryer closet.
The apartment features beautiful Brazilian walnut wood floors through-out, double-paned floor-to ceiling tilt and turn windows, custom California closets, an in-unit washer & dryer and a video intercom.
The apartment features beautiful custom finishes, tons of storage, top of the line appliances, central air, washer/dryer, and a flexible layout.
The apartment features beautiful hardwood floors throughout and a king sized master bedroom with an en suite bath and walk in closet.
The apartment features beautiful hardwood floors throughout and was renovated with classic ceramic tiles and granite counter tops.
The apartment features beautiful hardwood floors, Chrysler building and park views, and abundant closet space throughout.
The apartment features beautiful hardwood floors, beamed ceilings, 2 spacious closets with overhead storage & room for double-hanging, built-in bookshelves, a large windowed bathroom with dressing area, and an open kitchen with a dishwasher.
The apartment features beautiful hardwood floors, oversized windows and airy 10 ft. ceilings.
The apartment features beautiful hardwood floors, tiled flooring, an abundance of closet space, including a walk-in closet.
The apartment features beautiful hardwood floors, walk-in closets, Italian marble bathrooms, and imported Italian fixtures.
The apartment features beautiful inlaid hardwood floors, decorative moldings, through-the wall HVAC, a well located 2nd bathroom and great storage.
The apartment features beautifully designed open kitchen with top of the line appliances, California outfitted closets, custom built-ins in the living room and bedroom, designer window shades recently installed, gorgeous wood floors, thru-the-wall ACs for year round comfort and a large bedroom that easily fits a king size bed, end-tables, dresser and more.
The apartment features beautifully refinished hardwood floors, an abundance of windows for great natural light, a kingsize master bedroom, ample closet space, a windowed eat-in kitchen that could be easily be used as a separate home office or a second bedroom and a large entrance foyer that is ideal for dining and entertaining.
The apartment features beautifully scaled rooms, high ceilings, classic moldings, mahogany doors and herringbone pattern wood floors.
The apartment features brand new floors as well as new kitchen floor tiles.
The apartment features central AC and heat, customize motorized solar and blackout shades and surround sound system, washer/dryer and security system.
The apartment features central heating and cooling, which can be remotely controlled through Nest.
The apartment features custom made solar shades, updated bathroom, updated kitchen with ceasar stone countertops, dual sink, stainless steel appliances and lots of cabinet!
The apartment features custom millwork, and lighting throughout, motorized blinds and beautiful wall coverings.
The apartment features dark hardwood floors, beamed ceilings, iron Art Deco-styled railings, large casement windows and a gracious entryway with room for dining.
The apartment features double exposure to both the North and West providing afternoon and evening light, as well as views to Manhattan.
The apartment features dramatic high ceilings, 10ft floor-to-ceiling windows, over 1,595 square feet of living space, and incredible northern and western exposures.
The apartment features dramatic views of the East River and the Manhattan skyline, a custom open Chef's kitchen with a granite bar and counter top, stainless steel appliances, Viking stove, Miele dishwasher, Leibher refrigerator, and a GE Profile microwave oven.
The apartment features dual zone heat and air conditioning, maple hardwood floors throughout, a gas fireplace in the living room and a full-size in-unit washer and dryer.
The apartment features entry foyer with closet, galley kitchen with pantry, L-shaped living room providing space for full-size living and dining room furniture, king size bedroom, and full-size bathroom.
The apartment features excellent closets, through-thewall HVAC, and a well located 2nd bathroom.
The apartment features exceptional flow, large rooms, expansive windows, and a laundry room with washer/dryer and sink which could be converted to a half bath, if desired.
The apartment features floor to ceiling windows an open kitchen with top of the line appliances equipped with high-end Sub-Zero, Viking, and Bosch appliances and ample storage.
The apartment features floor to ceiling windows with stunning city views and a sliver of Central Park, facing east and north.
The apartment features floor to ceiling windows, open modern kitchen, washer and dryer, as well as hardwood oak floors.
The apartment features floor to nearly 9' ceiling windows, spacious living/dining and bedroom with breathtaking sunrises and is one of the largest one bedroom apartments 200 Chambers Street has to offer.
The apartment features generous storage space along with a built in book shelf and Bosch Energy-Star washer/dryer.
The apartment features great natural light throughout.
The apartment features great natural light with Eastern Exposure, hardwood floors, kitchen with cherry wood cabinets, granite counter-tops, GE stainless steel appliances.
The apartment features great natural light with Western Exposure, hardwood floors, kitchen with breakfast bar and cherry wood cabinets, granite counter-tops, GE stainless steel appliances.
The apartment features great original detail, hardwood floors and excellent closet space throughout.
The apartment features handsome herringbone floors and 11 ft. ceilings.
The apartment features hardwood floor, caesar-stone countertop, stainless steel appliances, central heat /AC and custom cabinetry.
The apartment features hardwood flooring throughout and an entirely custom renovated kitchen with top of the line appliances (including dishwasher) and expanded limestone counter tops and solid wood cabinet space.
The apartment features hardwood floors throughout, a windowed chef's kitchen with a breakfast bar, excellent storage throughout, and a fully renovated bathroom.
The apartment features hardwood floors throughout, large south and north facing windows, and through-the-wall AC units.
The apartment features hardwood floors throughout, spacious granite counters, lots of cabinets, network ready, and smart lighting with motion sensors.
The apartment features hardwood floors throughout, two full renovated baths, beautiful exposed brick in the living room, and a newly renovated open kitchen and ceiling heights just short of a staggering 11 feet.
The apartment features hardwood floors throughout,custom made kitchen with 2 separate sinks and new appliances, 2 split AC units, Washer, Dryer.
The apartment features hardwood floors, 8.5-foot ceiling, great closet space and lots of windows.
The apartment features hardwood floors, a full-sized washer / dryer and Bosch dishwasher!
The apartment features hardwood floors, a washer dryer, electric solar shades throughout, central air conditioning and a private storage unit.
The apartment features hardwood floors, generous closet space and a separate kitchen with the potential to be opened up to the spacious living area for entertaining and enjoyment of the natural light.
The apartment features hardwood floors, picture moldings, exposed brick, custom closets, an office nook and a washer and dryer.
The apartment features hardwood floors, stainless steel appliances, virtual doorman, large living room, dining area, separate kitchen and the bedroom fits a king size bedroom set.
The apartment features high 9'.8" ceilings, wide plank Burmese floors, a stunning bathroom with deep soaking tub and separate oversized shower stall, just perfect for you.
The apartment features high beamed ceilings, a separate dining gallery, herringbone hard wood floors, thru-wall AC, tilt/turn over-sized picture windows and 2 walk-in California closets.
The apartment features high beamed ceilings, beautiful hardwood floors and faces the inner courtyard making it a quiet oasis.
The apartment features high ceilings (over 11.10'), over sized windows and timeless kitchens and baths.
The apartment features high ceilings and original pre-war details.
The apartment features high ceilings, Bosh and Miele Appliances, Marble shower.
The apartment features high ceilings, a sunken living room, dining alcove, oversized windows, flawless hardwood floors and a renovated, windowed kitchen.
The apartment features high ceilings, hardwood floors, and two spacious closets.
The apartment features high ceilings, herringbone hardwood floors, tilt and turn picture windows and good closet space with all prewar details intact.
The apartment features high ceilings, original mahogany floors, prewar detail, and numerous closets throughout.
The apartment features include 5 wide plank white oak floors, floor to ceiling Insulpane windows and custom full height doors throughout for maximum volume.
The apartment features large custom closets (including an additional wall of built-in closet space in the bedroom), Bosch washer/dryer units, fully controllable central air/heating, and is wired for high-speed Verizon FiOS fiber cable/Internet.
The apartment features large picture windows which capture views facing North, South and East.
The apartment features large south-facing windows, soaring 10.5' ceilings, mesmerizing unobstructed Governor's Island, Battery Park, New York Harbor, Verrazano Bridge, Brooklyn and New Jersey views.
The apartment features large windows, nearly 10 foot ceilings, hardwood floors and prewar details.
The apartment features large windows, nearly 10-foot ceilings, hardwood floors, abundant storage, a W/D and plenty of prewar details throughout.
The apartment features large, well proportioned rooms (bedroom w/sitting room), a gracious floor plan, commodious closet space, 10 ft ceilings, open south & east views with wonderful natural light.
The apartment features large, well proportioned rooms, a gracious floor plan, commodious closet space, 10 ft ceilings, open south views with wonderful natural light.
The apartment features lovely exposed brick throughout hallways, Canadian maple wood floors, built in radiators, custom wood doors and closets, part time doorman.
The apartment features lovely herringbone floors, window AC's, 9' ceilings and ample closet space throughout.
The apartment features modern renovation, 2 rooms studio, eat-in kitchen and has a lot of cabinets with full size stainless steel appliances, great original detail through out.
The apartment features natural hardwood floors, king sized bedroom with a large double door closet and double window (with an AC insert below), large living room with a nice balcony, room for a dinning room + 2 additional closets, and a simi-separate kitchen.
The apartment features new oak wood flooring throughout, a renovated pass-thru kitchen with granite counter top, maple cabinets and GE appliances, a renovated bathroom with floor to ceiling marble tiles and 3 closets including a large walk-in, linen closet and coat closet.
The apartment features new paint, professionally installed flooring, baseboard moldings, trim, and new built-in AC.
The apartment features new strip wood floors, Large Living room with separate dining space, a renovated bathroom and a renovated kitchen with a granite counter top and stainless steel appliances.
The apartment features new windows, HVAC cooling and heat as well as through-the-wall air conditioning.
The apartment features oak wood floors, floor to ceiling windows, high ceilings, year round climate control, custom recessed lighting and a Bosch washer/dryer.
The apartment features one and half renovated bathrooms.
The apartment features open layout with chef's kitchen with solid maple cabinetry, modern granite blue sapphire countertops, full size stainless steel appliances with dishwasher, white oak hardwood floors and in-unit Washer and Dryer.
The apartment features open tree top views, custom built-ins, 10'6 foot ceiling height, exposed brick and six windows.
The apartment features original hardwood floors, 9 ft ceilings, beautiful arches, ample closet space, a true eat-in-kitchen with plenty of cabinet and counter space and lots of wide Georgian style windows allowing for serene courtyard views.
The apartment features original hardwood floors, giant entry foyer, ample closets with custom built-ins and a galley kitchen
The apartment features original herringbone flooring throughout, high ceilings and ample closet space.
The apartment features over 10 foot ceilings, western exposure in the living room and a roomy breakfast bar in the kitchen.
The apartment features oversized windows, parquet wood floors, and great closets.
The apartment features parquet floors throughout.
The apartment features plenty of closet space, including a vast size walk-in closet and hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment features redone hardwood floors, 2 full bathrooms, private terrace with views of Manhattan, custom built eat-in kitchen.
The apartment features redone hardwood floors, two full bathrooms, private terrace with views of Manhattan, custom built eat-in kitchen.
The apartment features renovated open kitchen and bathroom, new floors.
The apartment features rich, dark Mahogany Onyx floors throughout that are gorgeously contrasted by the muted grey tones and white trim.
The apartment features six lovely proportioned rooms (2-3 bedrooms), and upper and lower East facing terraces.
The apartment features small hallway and double closet by the entrance as well as 3 more large closets throughout the unit, hardwood floors, large bright living room with oversized windows, working kitchen and a large bedroom.
The apartment features soaring 12' high ceilings and a 68 foot wide living space with original columns, plastered floating walls, stained white-oak rift sawn floors, central air, sound wiring and a Lutron HomeWorks system.
The apartment features soundproof windows and custom closets throughout.
The apartment features south and east exposures, a windowed kitchen spacious bedroom and multiple walk in closets.
The apartment features spacious rooms with abundant storage and built-ins, high ceilings and floor-to-ceiling,south-facing arched windows, providing amazing natural light Beautiful and Well-maintained.
The apartment features split bedrooms, walk-in closets, wide-plank white oak hardwood floors, Zimbabwe black granite countertops and Grohe/Kohler bathroom fixtures.
The apartment features stately high ceilings accentuated by decorative exposed brick fireplaces surrounded by beautiful original moldings and oversized windows from 3 exposures.
The apartment features strip red oak floors throughout.
The apartment features stunning picture frame molding throughout and original pre-war details including very high ceilings, original hardwood floors, and a Miele washer/dryer.
The apartment features sunny southeastern exposures in every room.
The apartment features tasteful and modern renovations that include a level of detail that carries the quarz kitchen countertop to the window sills, and the cedar wood bathroom ceiling to line the inside of every closet.
The apartment features the only private entrance in the building.
The apartment features the sought-after 20' long sunken living room, large entry/dining foyer, kitchen that was renovated to have a center island and full-size washer/dryer.
The apartment features three large bedrooms and two full bathrooms.
The apartment features three-zone heating/cooling, integrated A/V for immersive sound, fully-configurable and remotely-controlled smart lighting throughout, beautiful custom window treatments, and closets with custom built-ins to maximize storage.
The apartment features thru-wall air conditioning and heating units.
The apartment features top of line kitchen with Subzero and Miele appliances , spa-like X-large bath designed with Starck fixtures.
The apartment features top of the line finishing.
The apartment features two full bathrooms each completed with chrome Delta fixtures, and Fine Fixture vanities with dimmable lighting to invoke a spa-like setting.
The apartment features two large bedrooms and a spacious living room lay with hardwood floor.
The apartment features two master suites situated at opposite ends of the apartment.
The apartment features two spacious bedrooms.
The apartment features two walk in closets, as well as ample closets in the entryway.
The apartment features two zoned central air-conditioning units, radiant heat in the bathrooms, two wood burning fireplaces with the possibility of a third, herringbone floors, in ceiling sound system, limestone counter tops, Merit hand crafted hardware and three basement storage rooms that transfer with the sale.40 Fifth Avenue, on the south-west corner of Fifth Avenue and 11thStreet, is a 15 story Neo-Georgian apartment house completed in 1929.
The apartment features unmatched closets and storage space and in unit washer/dryer.
The apartment features unobstructed southern exposure looking out on Pacific Street and the park.
The apartment features walnut hardwood floors throughout and a Bosch washer and dryer.
The apartment features warm hardwood flooring, 10'6 foot ceiling heights, iPod docking station with in-wall sound system, & 2 large closets with custom shelving and sliding glass doors.
The apartment features washer/dryer in unit, all new HVAC units, solar shades, and wide plank oak flooring throughout.
The apartment features west, east and north exposures, high ceilings, 5 closets, central air conditioning , new windows and Sonos speakers throughout.
The apartment features white oak floors, an open kitchen with Caesar stone counters and top of the line appliances, custom cabinetry throughout, abundant closet space all fitted by California closets , and a spacious sleeping alcove.
The apartment features white oak floors, ceiling hung HVAC system with linear diffusers.
The apartment features white oak hardwood floors throughout, beautifully integrated refrigerator, stainless steel appliances, lacquer cabinets and sleek Caesar stone countertops, central AC and most of all the bathroom
The apartment features white oak hardwood floors, central air-conditioning, central heat, porcelain baths, an en suite master bath with calcutta gold marble double vanity top, shower enclosure, and a full soaking bathtub.
The apartment features wide planked oak floors, in-unit Asko washer/dryer, automated solar shades and a private storage unit.
The apartment features wood flooring throughout, a gallery kitchen with new appliances and 2 big closets.
The apartment features wood floors in every room and tastefully renovated with high end designer brands...
The apartment features, wood floors through-out, stainless steel appliances, modern white cabinets and Quartz Countertops.
The apartment features:
The apartment features: -
The apartment features: - Southeastern facing with abundance of natural light throughout the day.
The apartment features: 2 bedrooms and 2 full-bathrooms, high ceiling, hardwood floors throughout, heating/cooling system in each room, upgraded kitchen with refrigerator, dishwasher, and cooktop oven w/hood.
The apartment features: Washer/dryer in unit Large closets High Ceilings Building Amenities: 24-Hour Doorman & Concierge Live-
The apartment features: an amazing layout with a dining area!
The apartment features: hardwood flooring, a renovated Kitchen and Bathroom and four spacious closets.
The apartment feels like a high-end home, featuring top-of-the-line custom finishes throughout the expansive unit.
The apartment fills with sun drenched natural light and has unobstructed southern exposure with open views.
The apartment flows beautifully into an open-concept living room, dining room, and kitchen.
The apartment flows seamlessly from the large living room through stylish French doors into the open concept formal dining room.
The apartment flows seamlessly through a generous layout, 9'3' ceilings, bleached oak flooring, an abundance of storage, and PTAC A/C units located throughout the home.
The apartment garners bright eastern exposure and includes a massive 134 sf private balcony and washer and dryer in unit.
The apartment gets direct sunlight through all windows at different times of day.
The apartment gets fabulous light, and is extremely quiet.
The apartment gets great light, is quiet and has exceptional closet space.
The apartment gives Way To An Open Living/Dining Room Floor Plan With Crown Molding Throughout &The Kitchen & Bathrooms are Renovated.
The apartment has 15 years tax abatement until 2025.
The apartment has 2 AC units in the wall (not in the windows)
The apartment has 3 bedrooms, maid's room, formal dining room, as well as windowed updated kitchen and bathrooms.
The apartment has 3 bedrooms, there is a master bedroom suite, the 2nd bedroom which is adjacent to the living room is being used as a den, the 3rd bedroom is being used as an office and 2.5 baths.
The apartment has 3 closets inclusive of 1 walk-in closet and a separate dressing area that can easily fit a dresser and has been freshly painted with many upgrades such as overhead recessed Lutron lighting, new closet doors, reglazed bath tub and a new vanity mirror to name a few.
The apartment has 4 large closets and hardwood floors.
The apartment has 5 windows: 2 facing north with unobstructed views of rooftops, the Empire State Building and overlooking city gardens and 3 facing east allowing sunshine and cross ventilation in the whole unit.
The apartment has 8'6" ceilings, 6 closets including 3 walk-in.
The apartment has 9 foot ceilings and good closet space.
The apartment has 9 ft ceilings and boast beautiful warm oak floors throughout and comes equipped with a washer/dryer.
The apartment has 9 ft ceilings and boasts beautiful warm oak floors throughout.
The apartment has 9'6" ceilings, premium white oak floors, a stacked Bosch washer/dryer, and a vertical heating and air-conditioning system that allows for unobstructed floor-to-ceiling views.
The apartment has 93 feet of direct East River and Manhattan harbor frontage.
The apartment has Armani Casa custom built in cabinetry throughout including a library, shelving and a Murphy bed ideal to accommodate an additional guest.
The apartment has CAT5 internet wiring throughout; ceiling embedded speakers on both levels with separate controls for each speaker; double pane UV filter windows with screens and 3 functions; LED lighting and dimmers throughout.
The apartment has East, South and West exposures.1725
The apartment has Eastern exposure and excellent light.
The apartment has GREAT OPEN VIEWS FROM BEDROOM, LIVING ROOM AND KITCHEN and the large bedroom has a walk-in closet 675 West End Avenue is a boutique prewar cooperative with a 24-hour doorman, elevators, live-in super, complimentary bike storage, common storage, and a laundry room.
The apartment has Hardwood Floors
The apartment has N, S and W exposures!
The apartment has North and East exposures, ceilings over 9 feet, an updated windowed bathroom, five closets and low maintenance.
The apartment has a 3 level open flow from the kitchen on the first level to the second floor where you find the living room.
The apartment has a Miele washer and dryer.
The apartment has a beautiful full third bath/powder room and a washer and dryer.
The apartment has a beautiful terrace, and the building is close to all forms of public transportation.
The apartment has a beautifully renovated windowed kitchen (including a dishwasher), a windowed marbled bath, and a separate entry foyer which can serve as a home office.
The apartment has a bright and airy open plan featuring with 10' ceilings and the original huge floor to ceiling steel framed doors which have been restored and fitted with thermopane glass to feature the impressive city skyline views looking north towards Billionaires Row, and the newly evolving Midtown skyline.
The apartment has a bright, sunny, separate windowed 'eat-in-kitchen' and plenty of closets.
The apartment has a classic layout and is ideally designed for entertaining with the bedrooms in a separate wing.
The apartment has a combination of central and through wall A/C. 1125 Park Avenue, built in 1936, was designed by the renowned architecture firm of Schwartz & Gross.
The apartment has a comforting air about it with an open kitchen highlighted by generous counter space, full-size stove and dishwasher.
The apartment has a desirable interior, which includes the three generous bedrooms and two full bathrooms.
The apartment has a desirable interior, which includes the three generous bedrooms, each with a full bathroom en suite.
The apartment has a dishwasher and a washer/dryer.
The apartment has a full kitchen, bathroom with a dressing area and hardwood floor.
The apartment has a functional, but original, kitchen and bathroom.
The apartment has a generous sized sleeping alcove that is completely private from the other living areas making it feel more like a 1 bedroom apartment.
The apartment has a genuine feeling of openness, charm and natural light throughout with unobstructed views of the East River, Brooklyn Skyline, Empire State Building, and Midtown Manhattan.
The apartment has a great flow to it!
The apartment has a great flow, and is very quiet.
The apartment has a great layout with a large interior home office/sleep area in addition to the 2 bedrooms and a sizable entry foyer.
The apartment has a great southern exposure giving beautiful city views.
The apartment has a huge private roof deck with a hot tub, outdoor shower and electricity.
The apartment has a king sized bright corner bedroom featuring built-in, floor-to-ceiling closets and a lovely full bathroom.
The apartment has a large Master Bedroom, 2 Full Bathrooms; 1 bathroom includes a glass stall shower and the master bath includes a tub and shower.
The apartment has a large entrance gallery with two closets and a generously-proportioned living room, both with built-in bookcases.
The apartment has a large entry foyer with walk in closet, a large living room, an oversized king bedroom with double closets, a renovated eat-in kitchen and a full-size bathroom with linen closet.
The apartment has a large open kitchen.
The apartment has a large walk-in closet.
The apartment has a laundry room with Bosh appliances.
The apartment has a living room, dining area, kitchen, master bedroom and a full bath on 2nd floor and 3 bedroom and 1/2 bath on 3rd floor.
The apartment has a living room/ open kitchen concept; a separate sleeping area converted to a Junior 1 bedroom and ample closet space.
The apartment has a lots of original beautiful pre-war Art-Deco details including curved walls and distinctive arch entry way, in addition to symmetrical built-in bookshelves.
The apartment has a marble windowed bathroom, beautiful custom moldings, new wood floors and 4 large walk- in closets!
The apartment has a master bedroom that is very well proportioned, open-concept kitchen and living space with stainless steel appliances including a dishwasher, a small windowed den and a large loft space on the second floor.
The apartment has a modern feel with an open kitchen with stainless steel appliances, white stone countertops and even a wine refrigerator, the master bedroom is outfitted with an en suite bathroom tastefully designed with a double sink, in unit washer and dryer, hardwood floors throughout with oversized windows for abundant natural light and a skylight in one of the bedroom.
The apartment has a new hardwood floor and is ready for a new kitchen and bath room.
The apartment has a new kitchen with stainless appliances, updated bath, large living room and foyer that can be used for dining.
The apartment has a new radiator in the Master bed and Living room.
The apartment has a new refrigerator, marble bathrooms, granite countertops kitchen and all.
The apartment has a newly renovated open kitchen with beautiful marble floors and counters.
The apartment has a nice entry/foyer, parquet floors in the living room, a designer kitchen highlighted by oak rift cabinetry, granite counter tops, porcelain tile floors and GE stainless steel appliances.
The apartment has a nook kitchen and is fitted with a dishwasher, refrigerator and stove as well as a north facing window.
The apartment has a polished subway tiled bathroom and ample storage space through out.
The apartment has a powder room as well, which will help make for more comfortable living and entertaining.
The apartment has a private full floor entrance, with direct elevator access.
The apartment has a renovated hall bath, nice sized pantry and two additonal closets.
The apartment has a renovated kitchen with custom cabinets, stainless appliances, and a pantry.
The apartment has a renovated open kitchen with stainless steel appliances, a renovated bath, four closets and ample alcove for the bed.
The apartment has a separate utility room as well as a powder room for guests.
The apartment has a sleek renovated bathroom and comes with nice new furniture.
The apartment has a smart-home system that controls the custom shades and lighting throughout the home.
The apartment has a sound system and central A/C throughout, hardwood floors, original crown and baseboard moldings, ample closet space and two wood burning fireplaces.
The apartment has a southern and western exposure.
The apartment has a spacious foyer, windowed kitchen, large living room, beautifully renovated windowed bathroom, and a king-sized bedroom with two closets.
The apartment has a spacious kitchen, hardwood flooring and a beautiful updated bathroom.
The apartment has a spacious living area, bathroom and kitchen in good condition, lots of closet space, a dining area that can be easily turned into a Jr 4, parquet floors and a huge bedroom with access to the terrace.
The apartment has a split bedroom layout with a spacious east facing 2nd bedroom and second bath off the hall.
The apartment has a sun-filled southern exposure with very high ceilings, extremely large living room, gas fireplace, recently renovated kitchen, master bathroom, and powder room.
The apartment has a terrace facing North and West.
The apartment has a traditional Junior 4 layout with ample room for living and dining.
The apartment has a washer and dryer.
The apartment has a washer/dryer.
The apartment has a well-designed, large open kitchen with great white appliances and includes a dishwasher.
The apartment has a windowed gourmet kitchen featuring Bosch appliances including a dishwasher, Liebherr refrigerator and fixtures by Grohe Ladylux Chrome.
The apartment has a wonderful flow, and is just waiting for you!
The apartment has a wonderful layout with a pass through kitchen which includes Subzero, Miele appliances and a Wolf range.
The apartment has a wrap around terrace and an abundance of light throughout.
The apartment has absolutely massive King and Queen Sized bedrooms that provide ample amount of space.
The apartment has abundant closets immaculate hard wood floors throughout and additional amenities include multi-zoned central heating and air-conditioning, a washer-dryer, a tastefully appointed powder room for guests and private storage in the basement.
The apartment has abundant storage with a total of four custom Elfa closets and excellent condition hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment has all new windows, new hardwood floors in all rooms.
The apartment has also been freshly painted.
The apartment has also been hard wired for the internet.
The apartment has amazing closet space including a double -door coat closet upon entry and a wall of closets in the master bedroom with a walk-in area.
The apartment has ample closet space, a beautiful marble bathroom and a gourmet kitchen complete with stainless steel appliances.
The apartment has ample closet space, a beautiful marble bathroom and a walk-in gourmet kitchen complete with stainless steel appliances.
The apartment has ample closets and hardwood flooring throughout.
The apartment has ample space for dining indoors or outdoors.
The apartment has ample storage including a large walk-in closet, and the dressing room has an additional closet.
The apartment has ample storage, gleaming Herringbone floors throughout and the second full-sized bathroom hosts a utility closet with a washing machine and vented dryer.
The apartment has an abundance of closet space with over head storage as well as extra storage lockers available to rent in the building.
The apartment has an abundance of closet space, all designed by California Closets, and can be modified to accommodate owners' needs.
The apartment has an abundant closet space which is absolutely plus.
The apartment has an additional marble powder room in the entrance gallery.
The apartment has an amazing layout with Brazilian Cherry flooring throughout with an ample storage space.
The apartment has an eat-in kitchen and a full-size bedroom with 2 closets.
The apartment has an elegant entry foyer, powder room, and a totally separate wing with two additional bedrooms, two full bathrooms plus a media/hang-out/
The apartment has an enclosed yard/terrace/solarium that helps give extra light and space on each of the 2 levels.
The apartment has an entry foyer with closet, L-shaped living room providing space for full-size living and dining room furniture, a king size bedroom, a galley kitchen open to the dining area and full size bathroom.
The apartment has an exceptional amount of closet space and the bedroom features an area perfectly suited for a home office.
The apartment has an exceptionally renovated windowed kitchen which features modern German Leicht Kitchen cabinets with pull-out drawers and ample storage space.
The apartment has an expansive great room configurable to your liking and there is a wonderful 400 square-foot loft space with half bathroom that is perfectly situated for a sleeping + living room area.
The apartment has an extremely gracious and functional layout.
The apartment has an extremely large renovated windowed eat in kitchen one of the largest kitchens in the building.
The apartment has an ideal layout for entertaining with split bedrooms which provide perfect privacy.
The apartment has an ideal layout with beautifully proportioned rooms that are perfect for living and entertaining.
The apartment has an internal private elevator, gas fireplace, individually zoned central AC/heat, custom closets plus motorized shades and awnings.
The apartment has an open eastern exposure though all-glass picture windows and is flooded with sunshine all day long.
The apartment has an open floor plan, so you never need to depart while watching TV in the living room.
The apartment has an open kitchen with an enormous breakfast bar and trompe l'oeil wall.
The apartment has an open kitchen, complete with stainless steel appliances and plenty of storage space, and the layout includes a large bathroom, hardwood floors, high ceilings, and HVAC for a/c and heat.
The apartment has an open space living area with beautiful hardwood floors, gets lots of sun, tons of closet space, large kitchen with granite counter top, 2 nice size bedroom with loads of closet spaces.
The apartment has an open, spacious and comfortable feeling.
The apartment has an updated kitchen with nice countertops & cabinets and stainless steel range.
The apartment has automatic blinds and central air conditioning and heat and two washer dryers and two kitchens.
The apartment has beautiful hardwood plank flooring throughout.
The apartment has beautiful strip hardwood floors and a private balcony.
The apartment has beautiful wood-ash herringbone floors, high ceilings and state of the art windows.
The apartment has beautiful, original pre-war details, well preserved oak hardwood floors, high ceilings, and ample closet space throughout.
The apartment has beautifully proportioned rooms and gracious functional layout.
The apartment has beautifully proportioned rooms with a gracious layout ideal for entertaining and comfortable living.
The apartment has been Renovated to a very high Standard with full substitution of into the wall plumbing and electrical lines and addition of Cat 6 Ethernet cabling throughout.
The apartment has been beautifully and tastefully renovated and even has new windows so that it is pin drop quiet..
The apartment has been beautifully renovated with custom millwork and oak floors.
The apartment has been completely renovated adding gorgeous walnut wide-plank floors throughout and numerous additional closet space for storage.
The apartment has been enhanced an artist from Florence and an interior designer from Vienna.
The apartment has been featured in several Interior Design magazines and books.
The apartment has been freshly painted, and it features hardwood floors throughout, with newly replaced baseboards.
The apartment has been fully outfitted with soundproof windows, making it pin-drop quiet.
The apartment has been fully renovated and features a warm homey environment.
The apartment has been fully renovated featuring designer upgrades with custom wood paneling, solid wood doors, and built in closests throughout.
The apartment has been impeccably maintained by its owner and is freshly painted and move-in ready.
The apartment has been lovingly cared for and is in mint condition!
The apartment has been lovingly maintained but requires updating.
The apartment has been meticulously gut renovated with new hardwood floors over a noise reducing sublayer.
The apartment has been meticulously renovated to the highest standard.
The apartment has been new wood floors and an updated bathroom as well as a large closet and built in shelving.
The apartment has been newly painted and the floors have been polished.
The apartment has been outfitted with high-end custom upgrades including Toto Neorest toilet, automatic shades in both rooms and custom-built storage.
The apartment has been outfitted with smartly designed storage throughout.
The apartment has been outfitted with soundproof windows, making it pin-drop quiet.
The apartment has been painted and freshened up for the new home owner.
The apartment has been professionally painted, and the hardwood floors have been refinished.
The apartment has been renovated to the highest standard and includes 3 zone central air conditioning, built-in sound system, laundry room, and beautiful prewar details throughout including herringbone floors, stunning moldings and high ceilings.
The apartment has been renovated with a brand- new bathroom, sanded and sealed floors, new closet doors, and freshly painted throughout.
The apartment has been renovated with beautiful hardwood floors, a stunning kitchen with Corian counter tops and updated en-suite windowed bathroom.
The apartment has been renovated with new appliances while maintaining its original charm.
The apartment has been renovated with two closets and a galley kitchenette (so the kitchen isn't in the Main Living Area).
The apartment has been renovated with updated kitchen and bath, hardwood floors and beamed ceiling.
The apartment has been renovated, boasts nearly 11 foot ceilings and has a Washer/Dryer.
The apartment has been tastefully renovated and boasts an open kitchen featuring Sub-Zero, GE and Bosch appliances with granite countertops and cherry cabinets.
The apartment has been thoughtfully designed with Studio 4 wall paper and Donghea window treatments.
The apartment has been updated with custom closets, glimmering hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment has been very gently used over the years and is in pristine condition.
The apartment has been well maintained and is in move in condition.
The apartment has brand new hardwood floors, stainless steel appliances and two bathrooms with imported marble.
The apartment has brand new white oak hardwood floors and custom lighting fixtures, as well as open views over The Apple Store towards Broadway & Central Park.
The apartment has central A/C and heat, dishwasher, and washer and dryer in unit.
The apartment has central A/C and pied-a-terre ownership and pets are allowed.
The apartment has central air and heat, a washer/dryer located in a shelved laundry closet, and beautiful oak hard wood floors with walnut stain.
The apartment has central air and the terrace has water and electric and wraps around to the North and West where you can catch sun filled city skyline views North, South, and East and a Central Park glimpse West.
The apartment has central air and top-of-the-line new windows.
The apartment has central air conditioning, a music system, abundant closets, an alarm system, City views and hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment has central air conditioning, is cable ready, with high speed internet access.
The apartment has central air-conditioning throughout and a Sonos music system.
The apartment has central air-conditioning.
The apartment has classic Pre-war high ceilings and double-height windows.
The apartment has clever hidden storage spots like under-bench storage, concealed cabinets, and a tiled platform with drawers beneath.
The apartment has concrete floors, double height ceilings and a separate refrigerator and freezer.
The apartment has courtyard views and the terrace is located off the living area, separated from the bedrooms and bath.
The apartment has custom ceilings, wood floors throughout, custom-fitted closets and home storage room.
The apartment has custom modern lighting throughout.
The apartment has dimmer-controlled recess lighting throughout, dishwasher, hardwood floors, and A/C units in all of the rooms.
The apartment has dramatic, high ceilings with a bright, loft-like feel.
The apartment has eight custom fitted closets.
The apartment has eight generous closets and hardwood floors.
The apartment has elegant Oak herringbone floors throughout.
The apartment has entertainment space with a catering kitchen that opens into a formal garden courtyard accessed through a set of French doors.
The apartment has everything you are looking for.
The apartment has excellent storage throughout.
The apartment has exquisite fixtures that have to be seen to be believed.
The apartment has extraordinary storage and fine built-in cabinetry throughout.
The apartment has fantastic South and West exposures of the Hudson River.
The apartment has fantastic closet space and windows in every room.
The apartment has fantastic light with its extra-large windows, northern and western exposures, and a balcony off the dining area.
The apartment has five oversized windows facing south all the way to Prospect Park and beyond to the Verrazano Bridge.
The apartment has floor to ceiling windows (nearly 10 ft. ceiling height) with amazing city and Central Park views.
The apartment has formidable central a/c and is fully automated with Sonos surround sound and electric shades.
The apartment has four additional bedrooms with en-suite baths that are a continuation of the superior design and neutral palette epitomized in the Master.
The apartment has freshly polished wood flooring throughout and subtle prewar styling noticeable on the interior and exterior of the space.
The apartment has generous closet space and a washer/dryer in unit.
The apartment has gone through a complete renovation, including new hardwood flooring throughout.
The apartment has good storage space, an elegantly finished marble bathroom.
The apartment has gorgeous dark hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment has gorgeous views of the iconic Morgan Library!
The apartment has gracious layout beginning with a gallery that leads to the south facing living room boasting open views over brownstones.
The apartment has great bones but requires a renovation.
The apartment has great closet space and over sized windows.
The apartment has great closet space!
The apartment has great closet space, high ceilings and receives great sunlight.
The apartment has great closet space, high ceilings, washer/dryer in unit and gets an abundance of sunlight via its over-sized windows.
The apartment has great storage space throughout.
The apartment has great storage, central heat/AC with multiple zones, insanely high ceilings, and incredible bathrooms.
The apartment has had some recent renovations including a new master bathroom but the property retains its original character.
The apartment has hard-wood floors, marble bathroom, powder room, crown moldings, white stone counter-top and stainless appliances.
The apartment has hardwood flooring throughout, a windowed renovated kitchen facing east over the terrace, is fully glass-tiled, beautiful custom cabinetry and top-of-the line appliances.
The apartment has hardwood floors throughout, a full living area, and separate dining space, abundance of closet space, oak wood floors, high ceilings, a large foyer, both north and south exposures, and lovely prewar details.
The apartment has hardwood floors throughout, ample closets and multiple exposures.
The apartment has hardwood floors throughout, and great closet space.
The apartment has hardwood floors throughout, picture window kitchen so when entertaining, numerous spacious closets and a big bathroom with a full size tub.
The apartment has hardwood floors, central air and in-unit Washer/Driver.
The apartment has herringbone hardwood floors and an electric fire place with a mirror that turns into a TV.
The apartment has high 9' ceilings, oversized windows, hardwood floors, fantastic light, and wonderful custom fitted walk-in closet in the master bedroom, a full master bathroom with a double vanity and a deep soaking tub.
The apartment has high ceilings and elegant pre-war details throughout, while also boasting charmingly-renovated bathrooms and kitchen.
The apartment has high ceilings and hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment has high ceilings and the dining room has an expansive bookcase.
The apartment has high ceilings throughout.
The apartment has high ceilings with floor-to-ceiling glass corner windows in the living room, ample closet space, white oak floors throughout and in-unit washer and vented dryer.
The apartment has high ceilings, 3 Large closets, stainless steel appliances, newly renovated bathroom and kitchen.
The apartment has high ceilings, basketweave hardwood floors, and crown and picture moldings.160 Riverside Drive is a full-service building with doorman, a live-in superintendent, private storage, a bike room and is ideally located across the street from Riverside Park and the famous Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument.
The apartment has high ceilings, beautiful oak floors, and new heat and A/C PTAC units.
The apartment has high ceilings, exposed hardwood floors, and lots of closets space, all on a quiet tree-lined block.
The apartment has high ceilings, hardwood floors, brand new window A/C, and has western exposures overlooking at Ft.
The apartment has high ceilings, hardwood floors, soundproof windows, fantastic light, and wonderful custom fitted closets & storage throughout.
The apartment has high ceilings, hardwood floors, three closets and a nice sized entryway.
The apartment has high ceilings, herringbone floors, crown moldings and elegant details.
The apartment has high, beamed ceilings, crown molding, recessed lighting, and the efficient kitchen has been updated for a modern feel.
The apartment has huge sunken living room and separate dining room.
The apartment has incredible storage space with six closets.
The apartment has incredibly low ($1500) monthlies, which include taxes - a reflection of the coop's financial strength.
The apartment has it all - views of Central Park, wood-burning fireplace, abundance of natural light, stunning designer finishes, original hardwood floors, new moldings, custom closets, large windows with views from every room, central AC, W/D and LOW monthlies!
The apartment has it all-huge space, outstanding condition, luxurious, bright, 2BR/2Bth with open concept mint kitchen.
The apartment has it all; bright, airy, updated and surrounded by greenery while light pours through all windows.
The apartment has it all; high ceilings, hardwood floors (no parquet!!), open kitchen, walk-in hall closet and windows in every room.
The apartment has its own Central Air, sound system and Lutron Architect Series dimmer switches.
The apartment has its own washer and dryer.
The apartment has its own washer/dryer and beautiful hardwood light oak floors throughout which can easily be stained to reflect your own personal decor.
The apartment has just been freshly painted, and it boasts energy efficient LED lighting.
The apartment has just been gut renovated.
The apartment has just been painted and cleaned and is ready for viewings.
The apartment has just been painted, and all wood floors have been refinished.
The apartment has just been renovated and is move in condition.
The apartment has just been rewired and includes dimmers and USB ports in outlets.
The apartment has large rooms and has been converted to create another bedroom.
The apartment has lots of closet space, a Bosch washer /dryer, and features a Juliet Balcony that allows you to step outside and experience the greenery of west 44th street.
The apartment has lots of closets and windows in every room.
The apartment has lots of storage, and custom fitted closets throughout.
The apartment has lovely hard-wood floors throughout and a vast amount of closet space.
The apartment has maintained some of it's pre-war detail including crown molding, wood floors and high ceilings.
The apartment has many windows providing abundance of natural light, plenty of closet space & hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment has much of its prewar details intact including: hardwood floors in great condition, beamed ceilings, moldings, ample closets, and original kitchen cabinets with period hardware.
The apartment has new kitchen flrs and cabinets.
The apartment has new windows, new hardwood floors, marble baths, vented washer/dryer, Lutron blinds throughout and a sound system as well.
The apartment has new wood floors throughout.
The apartment has onsite laundry.
The apartment has open views facing South and West with views to The Plaza, The Sherry Netherlands and a peak of Central Park.
The apartment has original architectural detail including high beamed ceilings, moldings, and the floors have been replaced throughout.
The apartment has original herringbone hardwood floors, new windows, new thru-wall A/C and new custom window shades.
The apartment has original herringbone wood floors, 9'5" ceilings and a dedicated basement storage area.
The apartment has original, classic details including oak floors, high ceilings and decorative fireplaces.
The apartment has perfectly refinished oak floors and well thought out storage throughout.
The apartment has plenty of closet space and its own laundry room with hook-ups for a washer and dryer.
The apartment has plenty of different exposures for great natural light.
The apartment has plenty of light with three exposures.
The apartment has plenty of room for a dining table as well.
The apartment has prewar details like built in bookcases, high ceilings, and an welcoming entry foyer.
The apartment has pristine mahogany floors throughout and also has a washer/dryer.
The apartment has recently been updated to make for an open kitchen complete with a breakfast bar, brand new cabinetry and granite counter tops.
The apartment has several wardrobe closets, plus the building has on-site basement storage for a fee.
The apartment has smart device Ecobee with sensors in each room.
The apartment has soft grey maple floors throughout and a total of five closets including one walk-in.
The apartment has south western exposure, open park, street and partial seasonal Hudson river views.
The apartment has spacious closets, Master bedroom w/a master bath, second bedroom and full hall bath.
The apartment has spectacular views of Central Park, George Washington Bridge, City and the Hudson River.
The apartment has split bedrooms and the 2nd bedroom also has an en-suite bathroom.
The apartment has split bedrooms and the master suite is over-sized with a large walk-in closet and a marble bathroom with a shower, soaking tub and double sinks.
The apartment has stained white oak floors throughout, central air, and LG washer/dryer that's vented out.
The apartment has sunken living room, Dining Area, Brand new eat-in-Kitchen , new bathroom , large bedroom & lots of closets.
The apartment has the best of both worlds - prewar charm and high ceilings with a renovated chef's kitchen and two beautifully renovated marble and tile bathrooms.
The apartment has the good fortune of 10ft ceilings which expands the space considerably.
The apartment has three additional bedrooms, each with either a Park or River view and en-suite baths that are a continuation of the superior design and neutral palette epitomized in the Master.
The apartment has three ample closets, with the two bedroom closets double hung to maximize storage.
The apartment has three bedrooms and one and a half baths, plus ample closet space.
The apartment has three bedrooms, three and one-half bathrooms including Carrara marble counter top and custom designed tiling in master bathroom; Robern mirrors with light and inside power outlets/fog diffuser; a chef's dream custom Italian kitchen with state-of-the-art appliances and Carrara marble counter top/
The apartment has three bedrooms, two full baths and one half bath.
The apartment has three large bedrooms with en suite baths.
The apartment has through the wall air-conditioning.
The apartment has tons of closets and a separate dressing room as well as a kitchen with dishwasher, and full sized appliances, There is a separate dressing room and an alcove sleeping area large enough for a queen sized bed and end tables.
The apartment has tons of storage (four large closets).
The apartment has tree top views with abundant sun and wonderful light all day facing North and East over Park Avenue.
The apartment has treetop views that overlook the private and serene Southgate gardens.
The apartment has two brand new A/C wall units, and a wood-burning fireplace.
The apartment has two full bathrooms, and a true dining space that can easily be converted into a third bedroom.
The apartment has two generously sized bedrooms.
The apartment has two independent, through the wall heating and cooling units.
The apartment has two large bedrooms with two closets each - one bedroom faces East and the other faces West with a partial view of the Hudson river.
The apartment has two large bedrooms, each en-suite, including the master bedroom with its head-on view of the park and 3-double wide closets.
The apartment has two renovated windowed baths and an abundance of closet space.
The apartment has two spacious bedrooms with baths en suite, a guest bedroom and a total of four full baths.
The apartment has two through the wall air-conditioning units.
The apartment has undergone a 2-year renovation; Lee Harris was the architect, and it has been colorfully and vividly designed by Amanda Nisbet, earning it the cover feature of House Beautiful in March 2014.
The apartment has undergone a gorgeous, fresh paint job as well as has pristine, parquet hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment has undergone a renovation and features new floors, and a completely remodeled bathroom, with plenty of closet space throughout.
The apartment has undergone an extensive gut renovation with new electrical, plumbing and more.
The apartment has undergone an extensive gut renovation with premium finishes throughout.
The apartment has unobstructed Central Park tree top canopy views from all 12 beautifully arched oversized windows.
The apartment has very high ceilings, very LOW $740 maintenance.
The apartment has very spacious Living Room , Queen size bedroom , Separate kitchen that has beautiful wood cabinets with stone counters and brand new stainless steel appliances.
The apartment has views to The World Trade Center and aforementioned park trees plus historic cobblestoned streets and buildings.
The apartment has walnut hardwood floors, central heat and a/c, three custom closets and a custom built-in providing plenty of storage.
The apartment has white oak flooring, a washer/dryer, and comes with its own private storage room.
The apartment has wide plank birch wood floors, California closet system.
The apartment has windows in every room with lots of light .
The apartment has wonderful closet space and a storage locker in the basement is included in the sale.
The apartment has wonderful closet space throughout as well as original floors in terrific condition.
The apartment has wood floors throughout and tons of closet space.
The apartment in very good condition and it features an oversized, bright, Livingroom with 3 windows, lots of closets, ready to use kitchen WITH SS Appliances and lots of Kitchen Cabinets that opens up into a dining room with an access to a terrace, large, bright bedrooms with large closets, move-in ready full bathroom & more.
The apartment includes 4 charming north-facing windows which allow for great light all day and side street exposures.
The apartment includes a Bosch washer/dryer.
The apartment includes a brand new chef's kitchen with all stainless steel appliances, breakfast bar, custom cabinetry, 2 burner range, Bosch dishwasher, Bosch convection over / microwave, Quartz countertops, and tons of kitchen storage.
The apartment includes a washer/ dryer.
The apartment includes a washer/dryer and a wall of closets located near the entry.
The apartment includes an exclusive roof deck with panoramic views.
The apartment includes an open, yet discreetly tucked away, upgraded kitchen.
The apartment includes beautiful hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment includes four individually controlled climate zones, as well as a Miele washer/dryer.
The apartment includes in-unit washer/dryer and building is pet-friendly and welcomes pied-a-terre owners.
The apartment includes independently operated A/C units in each space and Sonos surround sound throughout making this historical loft a turnkey solution for your contemporary needs.
The apartment includes much of the original architectural detailing and herringbone flooring.
The apartment includes one storage space in the basement.
The apartment includes renovated parquet floors throughout with English chestnut finish.
The apartment includes separated kitchen and living room both rooms are really spacious and they can fit King and queen size beds.
The apartment includes the original cupola tower with stunning views of historic Brooklyn, the Manhattan skyline and the Statue of Liberty.
The apartment includes two and half bath and two exquisite planted terraces, totaling 1, 263 square feet.
The apartment includes two and half bath and two exquisite planted terraces.
The apartment includes two washer dryers, and transfers with two storage lockers in the basement Place 57 is a luxury boutique building designed by noted architect Ismael Leyva and features a glamorous lobby decked in Baccarat crystal and a ceiling of chandeliers designed by the acclaimed interior designer Vincente Wolf.
The apartment includes unique storage and layout upgrades, adding increased functionality and connectivity throughout the space.
The apartment includes white washed hardwood floors, chic light fixtures, central heating/cooling, and a convenient in-home washer & dryer.
The apartment interior spans 1648 sq ft and the home has exposures South, North and West.
The apartment is 1,200 sq ft, bathed in sunlight from dawn dusk.
The apartment is 725 square feet with high ceilings, a walkin closet, a washer/dryer and expansive triple pane windows that maximize daylight.
The apartment is Close To Subway, Buses and Shopping Center.
The apartment is Quiet, Comfortable, Just Renovated: Lots Of Light, High Ceilings, Hardwood Floors, Eat-In Kitchen, New Windows, New Refrigerator, New Stove, Lighting Fixtures With Ceiling Fans,Modern Bathroom Set Up For Washer-Dryer, Plenty Of Closet Space.
The apartment is Sun drenched with Windows in every room South & South West facing.
The apartment is a 1300 square foot, 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom home on the 11th floor with south and west exposures and sunny open city and some Central Park and reservoir views.
The apartment is a 3-flight walk-up, no elevator.
The apartment is a Light filled 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom with an oversized living area.
The apartment is a block from Hudson River Park, minutes from the High Line, Whitney Museum, fine restaurants and boutiques.
The apartment is a combination of two units, resulting in an expansive, flexible space, with generously proportioned rooms, 11 closets all with custom built-ins, well planned media cabling, and smart
The apartment is a highly efficient 1936 square foot three-bedroom, three bath layout.
The apartment is a large one bedroom one bathroom with a balcony and beautiful views.
The apartment is a large studio, with a separate kitchen, and a great walk in closet.
The apartment is a newly gut-renovated 9 room, 3 bedroom, custom designed duplex by world renowned designer Tony Ingrao featuring 3 exposures, 22 oversized windows with tree top and townhouse garden views, and over 50 feet of frontage on 12th Street.
The apartment is a perfect home or pied-a-terre, is in excellent condition and has great closet space.
The apartment is a perfect investment with the ability to rent immediately.
The apartment is a perfect option for a first time buyer who would like to live in the heart of one of the most desirable neighborhood of New York.
The apartment is a pin drop quiet living experience sun splashed with natural light.
The apartment is a short walk to Barclays Center, BAM, Prospect Park, Whole Foods, the shops and restaurants along 5th & 7th avenues, such as Shake Shack, Lukes Lobster, Artichoke Pizza and Convivium Osteria to name a few.
The apartment is a short walk to the B and Q trains, the B4, BM3, B36 and B49 Buses.
The apartment is a spacious 1 bedroom with a private entrance, located on the 1st floor and has its own heating system & hot water tank.
The apartment is a total wreck and needs everything.
The apartment is a two bedroom, street level , with kitchen & bath.
The apartment is also "steps" from the E, M & 6 subway lines as well as several bus options.
The apartment is also a smart home with NEST thermostats and NEST security system.
The apartment is also blocks from Prospect Park, the Brooklyn Museum, the Grand Army Plaza farmer's market, Brooklyn Botanic Garden, as well as a variety of schools and preschools (such as Montessori Day School of Brooklyn, Berkeley Carroll School, and PS 9) and playgrounds.
The apartment is also conveniently located to every imaginable mode of transportation - 10 subway lines, Manhattan Bridge, Brooklyn Bridge, BQE - as well as a 3-minute taxi ride away from Soho.
The apartment is also equipped with a large laundry closet with a full sized washer/dryer and a multi-zoned central heat/air, and is wired for FIOS.
The apartment is also equipped with multi-zoned central heat/air, and is pre-wired for FIOS.
The apartment is also highlighted by beautiful hardwood floors and in unit washer/dryer.
The apartment is also wired for Sonos and ready to move in!!
The apartment is also wired for ethernet and surround audio throughout.
The apartment is anchored by charming pre-war details and a beautifully tiled windowed bathroom.
The apartment is anchored by oversized east facing windows that get tremendous sunlight.
The apartment is approximately 1,100 Square Feet all together.
The apartment is approximately 1525 Square feet ,with a large Living room ,Dining Room and Split Masters,each with their own En suite Marble Baths .The
The apartment is approximately 780 sq ft, equipped with windows everywhere, including the kitchen and bathroom, great sized bedrooms and living room.
The apartment is approximately 800 square feet, with 9-foot high ceilings throughout and an open layout.
The apartment is appx 1,243 square feet with a separate entrance foyer and a dining area, PLUS tons of closet space.
The apartment is as grand as its views and perfect for large formal entertaining or more intimate gatherings, originally designed by Vicente Wolf and later enhanced by Noel Jeffrey.
The apartment is available for immediate occupancy and the building is investor friendly.
The apartment is available immediately.
The apartment is available to be purchased both furnished or unfurnished.
The apartment is beautifully appointed with Brazilian cherry hardwood floors, central air conditioning, custom built-ins and Lutron lighting.
The apartment is beautifully renovated and offers a perfect balance of classical architectural loft details and a modern contemporary interior.
The apartment is beautifully renovated with three bedrooms, 2.5 baths and a flexible floorplan measuring approximately 2800 square feet.
The apartment is being sold as-
The apartment is being sold as-is, and available immediately.
The apartment is being sold furnished.
The apartment is being sold with a private storage unit and a highly desirable deeded parking spot in the private building garage is also offered for sale separately.
The apartment is bright all day, as the pleasant City views to the east afford lots of light.
The apartment is bright and has an open and flexible layout.
The apartment is bright and pleasantly quiet The building features:
The apartment is bright and quiet.
The apartment is brilliantly sunny and perfectly combines classic elements with an open loft-like plan.
The apartment is centered around a large, gracious foyer.
The apartment is centrally located in NoMad, with great access to all that Manhattan has to offer.
The apartment is characterized by distinguished architectural details, beautiful hardwood floors, and high ceilings.
The apartment is characterized by high ceilings, floor-to-ceiling windows and French doors with Juliette balconies that usher alluring sun light.
The apartment is characterized by its sought-after architectural details, such as high ceilings, herringbone hardwood floors, and period moldings.
The apartment is competitively priced and offers an idea home or pied-a-terre, with 80% financing permitted, and a 2% flip-tax payable by the purchaser.
The apartment is complemented by hardwood floors and a washer and dryer.
The apartment is complete with 1 bedroom, 1 full bathroom and an additional children's room situated off the living space.
The apartment is complete with 2 bedrooms and 1 full bathroom.
The apartment is complete with Central Heat and Air Conditioning, herringbone Hardwood Floors, Baseboard Moldings, Elegant Lighting and a Washer & Dryer.
The apartment is completely renovated and lends itself perfectly to gracious entertaining and comfortable family living.
The apartment is completely renovated, from solid herringbone hardwood floors; a brand new en-suite bath with double sinks and a powder room; and a new marble kitchen with Sub-Zero refrigerator.
The apartment is comprised of 3,310 square feet and is located in the Cetra-Ruddy designed One Madison, a 60-story luxury condominium situated at the nexus of the city's most charismatic and vibrant neighborhood's - Flatiron, Gramercy and NoMad.
The apartment is configured as a split layout with two bedrooms with one bath on one end with a home office/den/4th BR off the living room, and on the other end, the Master Bedroom with enormous walk-in closet/dressing area and en suite bath.
The apartment is conveniently located near major subway lines, grocery stores, including whole foods and fairway, great dining, nightlife and movie theaters.
The apartment is conveniently located on a quiet residential block between just off Smith St on the border of Carroll Gardens and Cobble Hill.
The apartment is conveniently located within a 10 minute walk from the B/Q trains, boardwalk, and beach, and is surrounded by shops, restaurants, and all other necessities.
The apartment is conveyed with a large (~200 square foot) private storage area in the basement of the building.
The apartment is crafted with the finest materials and appliances: dark Brazilian teak floors, compliment cherry cabinets, cesar stone countertops, ceramic tile backsplash and stainless steel appliances.
The apartment is crowned with a wall of windows facing east, so you will enjoy excellent morning and early afternoon sunlight from this high-floor home.
The apartment is currently a two bedroom with sliding doors leading into an oversized dining room.
The apartment is currently being occupied by tenant.
The apartment is currently configured as a 4 bedroom 3.5 bath with a separate corner dining room, office and windowed kitchen, all with direct park views, but could easily work as a 5 bedroom.
The apartment is currently configured as a 5 bedroom and 3.5 bath home.
The apartment is currently empty and the photographs are virtually staged.
The apartment is currently equipped with wall-to-wall carpeting.
The apartment is currently receiving a J-51 tax abatement that expires in 2024.
The apartment is currently set up as 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms but can easily be 4 bedrooms with 3.5 or 4 bathrooms. .
The apartment is currently set up with a large home office area as well as a spacious dining alcove.
The apartment is currently used as a successful Airbnb.
The apartment is currently vacant.
The apartment is designed for large scale entertaining as well as daily comfortable use and is both open and intimate.
The apartment is drenched in sun light all day.
The apartment is drenched with sun and has a fantastic open view across the East River.
The apartment is elegant and flooded with a natural sunlight, conveniently located to M and L trains, booming streets with stores,supermarkets and restaurants, close to major highways.
The apartment is elegantly appointed with luxurious finishes throughout, including a solid mahogany front door, thermoheated oak floors and marbled/limestone bathrooms.
The apartment is entered through a large and welcoming entrance hall with two closets.
The apartment is equipped in washer and dryer, central AC and radiant heating.
The apartment is equipped with a dishwasher, microwave, cooktop stove, and a 1/2 fridge.
The apartment is equipped with a multi-zone central air conditioning system.
The apartment is equipped with a multi-zoned central air conditioning system and a laundry room with vented dryers.
The apartment is equipped with an a/c Hvac unit in the bedroom and in the living room enjoy central air that operates off the cooling tower.
The apartment is equipped with central AC and is ideally located in Prime Slope two blocks from Prospect Park, steps to the vibrant shopping of 7th and 5th Avenues and the 2,3,4,5,B, and Q trains to Manhattan!
The apartment is equipped with through wall air-conditioning throughout.
The apartment is equipped with washer and dryer, central AC and radiant heating.
The apartment is excellent condition and well priced!
The apartment is extremely large (approximately 2600 S.F. + 100 S.F balcony).
The apartment is extremely large.
The apartment is facing the back of the building
The apartment is filled with plenty of sunlight to cheer you up even during a bleak day.
The apartment is finished with custom white oak flooring.
The apartment is finished with hardwood floors, marble bathrooms, and the kitchen has stainless steel appliances, a chef's stove, custom cabinetry, and dishwasher.
The apartment is fitted with recessed lighting and an in-unit washer/dryer.
The apartment is flooded with light and has been meticulously renovated with new windows, central air-conditioning, and stunning woodworking throughout.
The apartment is flooded with light with southeastern exposure.
The apartment is flooded with morning and afternoon sunlight.
The apartment is flooded with natural light all day long thanks to four exposures and every single room in the apartment from the living room to the kitchen and bathroom being windowed.
The apartment is flooded with natural light from multiple exposures; bringing fresh air and peaceful views of Phyllis Goodman Park and the surrounding trees.
The apartment is floored with Brazilian cherry wood, with mahogany doors and cabinets.
The apartment is freshly painted and polished floor.
The apartment is freshly painted, hardwood floor throughout the whole apartment, fully tiled bathrooms, custom made granite countertop, open kitchen with stainless steel appliances, refrigerator, dish washer and four
The apartment is fully renovated and Move
The apartment is fully wired for technology including central A/C and heating zones, Crestron system, security system, touch panels in every room which manage lighting, temperature and electronic window shades.
The apartment is further enhanced by Sonos Home Sound system, solar window shades with automatic controls, new HVAC with Nest thermostats and new double glazed windows.
The apartment is generously proportioned with oversized bedrooms and abundant closets.
The apartment is graciously proportioned -- with over 45' feet from the front entry to the window wall, it as deep as most townhouses.
The apartment is ideal as residence or pied-a-terre, on a tree-lined street half-1.5 blocks from all subway lines, steps from Barneys, Bloomingdale's, Regency Hotel and Central Park.
The apartment is ideal for entertaining, with abundant indoor and outdoor space.
The apartment is illuminated with recessed lights and controlled by a state-of-the-art Crestron lighting system, operated via keypads and an app.
The apartment is immaculate and in great condition.
The apartment is impeccable, with a brand new hvac unit and original wood floors in great condition.
The apartment is in Mint Condition and features an enormous Living-dining room combination (31Ft!), two large-scale masters with en suite bathrooms, high ceilings, a lovely front hall foyer, fully equipped & custom detailed kitchen, large and commodious walk-in closets, and abundant additional storage space.
The apartment is in a fantastic location: quiet, beautiful tree-lined street, endless choices of markets, restaurants, shops, and the East Harlem neighborhood is seeing continuous improvement and new construction every year.
The apartment is in a great condition with gleaming hardwood floors throughout making this a turn-key move-in ready and the perfect place to call home.
The apartment is in a well-maintained co-op building .
The apartment is in clean original condition with a layout that is very flexible and can be redesigned for an open floor plan, if desired.
The apartment is in estate condition, in need of renovation and is priced accordingly.
The apartment is in excellent condition and could easily be converted into a three bedroom.
The apartment is in excellent condition and has been carefully maintained.
The apartment is in excellent condition and it features an oversized, bright, Livingroom with 3 windows, NEW FLOORS, lots of closets (ALL RENOVATED), BRAND NEW custom made kitchen with stainless steel appliances, granite countertops that opens into a dining room with an access to a terrace, large, 3 bright bedrooms with large closets and lots of natural light, half a bathroom in addition on to a windowed full modern bathroom & more.
The apartment is in excellent condition and it features an oversized, bright, Livingroom with 3 windows, lots of closets, ready to use windowed, kitchen that opens into a dining room with an access to a terrace WITH AMAZING VIEWS IF THE OCEAN AND CONEY ISLAND, large, 3 bright bedrooms with large closets and lots of natural light, half a bathroom in addition on to a windowed full modern bathroom & more.
The apartment is in excellent condition and it is sold with a storage unit in the basement.
The apartment is in excellent condition and the building features a video intercom, live in super and laundry.
The apartment is in excellent condition including a newly renovated bathroom.
The apartment is in excellent condition throughout, with through-wall air conditioning, high ceilings and pre-war details.
The apartment is in excellent condition with low maintenance fees and several years remaining on the tax abatement.
The apartment is in excellent condition with modern kitchen and bath.
The apartment is in excellent condition with newly renovated kitchen and baths.
The apartment is in excellent condition, and will be delivered vacant at closing.
The apartment is in excellent condition, has central heat and AC, has lots of natural light, and comes with storage outside of the apartment.
The apartment is in excellent condition, wired for sound and also features a Miele washer and dryer.
The apartment is in excellent condition, with state of the art appliances in the kitchen, marble bathrooms and hard wood floors throughout.
The apartment is in excellent condition, with wonderful attention to details.
The apartment is in excellent condition.
The apartment is in excellent original condition throughout with newer wide plank wood flooring.
The apartment is in good condition and has new windows, new wide strip oak flooring, ceiling moldings, track lighting, and ample closet space.
The apartment is in good condition but could use some upgrading.
The apartment is in good condition with a charming kitchen, marble bathrooms and thoughtfully designed closets.
The apartment is in good condition with a lovely south facing balcony, large windowed kitchen and oversized living room and entrance galley .
The apartment is in great condition and gets lots of sunlight!
The apartment is in mint , move-in condition, is light and bright throughout and also features a 4 zone conditioning system, a sound system, herringbone floors and high ceilings.
The apartment is in mint condition with a fresh coat of paint and newly refinished floors (both the white oak hardwood and the bluestone in the bathrooms).
The apartment is in mint condition with newly installed wood floors, thru-wall air conditioning units and appliances.
The apartment is in mint condition, having been gut-renovated and exquisitely designed to give you the ultimate chic downtown feel!
The apartment is in mint condition, with hardwood floors restored, and the truly functional roomy open kitchen make this the perfect home for living and entertaining.
The apartment is in mint condition: skim coated walls, lovely moldings, high ceilings and peacefully quiet.
The apartment is in move in condition, and features a dining room, large living room, good size bedroom, kitchen with window, and bathroom with window.
The apartment is in move-in condition.
The apartment is in need of TLC so bring your imagination, the possibilities are endless.
The apartment is in original 'estate' condition requiring renovation.
The apartment is in the famous The Versailles building, its in all original condition and will need a complete renovations to make it your own.
The apartment is in triple-mint condition and was completely renovated by the architect Oscar Shamamian and world-renowned designer Michael Smith.
The apartment is incredibly spacious with a lot of natural sunlight along with a balcony that you can always have your morning coffee on.
The apartment is just a few steps from Ditmars Blvd and near the Q69 bus and N,Q,W Trains Ditmars Blvd via Manhattan.
The apartment is just a few steps from Ditmars Blvd and near the Q69 bus and N,Q,W Trains are located at Ditmars Blvd for an easy and quick commute into Manhattan.
The apartment is large enough to convert to a two bedroom (see alternate floor plan), while still offering a very large living room and separate dining room.
The apartment is large with generous scale and comfortable layout.
The apartment is leased fully- furnished until March 7, 2020.
The apartment is lightly used & is immaculate.
The apartment is loaded with pre-war details, and features bright sunny windows, a windowed kitchen with granite counter top, breakfast bar, and stainless steel dishwasher, subway tiled bathroom with full sized tub, ample closet space, high ceilings, and hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment is located 1/2 block from Fairway and the Kip's Bay movie theater, and is surrounded by fantastic restaurants, bars and cafes lining 3rd and 2nd Avenues.
The apartment is located in Schaefer Landing, the first waterfront development in Williamsburg.
The apartment is located in a very special prewar building occupying the southwest corner of 79th Street between Lexington and Third Avenues.
The apartment is located in an impeccably maintained full-service co-op designed by renowned architect Rosario Candela.
The apartment is located in one of few pre-war condominiums on Manhattan's Lower Fifth "Gold Coast".
The apartment is located in the best area of New York City, right between SoHo and Union Square.
The apartment is located in the highly sought after neighborhood of Williamsburg that is still quiet and serene, yet is close enough to all of the great restaurants, shops and markets that make Williamsburg famous.
The apartment is located in the s/w corner of the building providing great sunlight all day long.
The apartment is located on Ocean Parkway and Ditmas Ave, so only 15-minute walk from the Q train and steps away from the F strain.
The apartment is located on a higher floor of the building with elevator.
The apartment is located on a quiet tree- lined block in one of the Upper East Side's most vibrant neighborhoods.
The apartment is located on the 1st floor of the building.
The apartment is located on the 2nd floor with large size terrace on the garage roof.
The apartment is located on the 5th floor of an elevator Co-op building west of Broadway.
The apartment is located on the back of the building for total quiet.
The apartment is located on the first floor and it has lovely prewar details including 9' ceilings, plaster walls, oak-strip floors, and original moldings.
The apartment is located on the fourth floor of a very well maintained, 6-story prewar, elevator building.
The apartment is located on the main floor with a private side entrance and consists of a renovated 1 BR, LR, full bath and eat in kitchen with separate heat, hot water tank and electric.
The apartment is located on the top floor of this boutique building.
The apartment is measured at 3,673 square feet, with central air conditioning throughou
The apartment is meticulously designed and in triple mint condition.
The apartment is minutes from the heart of Soho, the West Village and Tribeca and steps from Hudson River Park, with easy access to the C,E and 1 trains and a new Trader Joe's just down the street.
The apartment is move-in condition.
The apartment is move-in ready and freshly painted.
The apartment is nestled in a well-maintained gated co-op complex with on-site parking available (please inquire for more details).
The apartment is newly painted including priming and skim coating, and new outlets and switches.
The apartment is newly renovated throughout with an open kitchen.
The apartment is now vacant and easy to view - call today!
The apartment is offered - fully furnished or unfurnished.
The apartment is offered with a 2.7% CAP and tenants in place for two years through May 2021.
The apartment is on a top floor of the elevator building with magnificent views of the ocean(partial) and quick paced highway.
The apartment is on one of the UWS' best blocks near Columbia University, St. John the Divine, great restaurants, HMart and between both Central and Riverside Parks while only a block from the subway.
The apartment is on the 2nd floor of the 5-unit walkup building with only one unit per floor, which affords plenty of privacy and quiet from the limited traffic of so few neighbors.
The apartment is on the 4th floor in the backside of the building.
The apartment is on the 4th floor so you can see the entire street and further from the windows.
The apartment is one of only two on the floor and has direct elevator access into the apartment.
The apartment is open and airy, utterly tranquil, swept by brilliant Eastern & Western light with unobstructed panoramic skyline views in ALL directions.
The apartment is outfitted with 4 spacious closets plus walk-in closet, in unit new washer and dryer, new dishwasher machine, new with warranty in each room a/c , private balconies approximately 90 Sq.
The apartment is outfitted with Cat 6 and Cat 7 cable, soundproofed, intelligently wired for A/V, and was completely re-plumbed and re-wired during the renovation.
The apartment is outfitted with a Crestron system which controls the lights and shades.
The apartment is outfitted with a Lutron Smart Home System, motorized privacy and blackout shades in the master bedroom and public rooms, as well as full size washer and outside-vented dryer.
The apartment is outfitted with both Bosch washer and dryer.
The apartment is outfitted with both a dishwasher & washer/dryer.
The apartment is outfitted with custom made cedar closets, in unit washer and dryer, two private balconies overlooking Brighton Beach Historical Board Walk and the beach.
The apartment is outfitted with parquet hardwood floor in the living room and bedroom.
The apartment is outfitted with solar and blackout shades, and a Bosch washer and dryer complete the magnificent home.
The apartment is perfect - a peaceful jewel-box of a home, impeccably finished and tastefully outfitted, and flooded with warm natural light throughout.
The apartment is perfect for entertaining and enjoying relaxation and comfort in luxury.
The apartment is perfect for lavish entertaining with it's open living area and phenomenal private roof terrace and a large balcony.
The apartment is perfect for the large-scale entertaining.
The apartment is pin drop quiet as it is situated at the rear of the building away from any traffic.
The apartment is pin-drop quiet and offers a great deal of privacy.
The apartment is pin-drop silent.
The apartment is pre wired for cable TV.
The apartment is pre-wired with automatic shades and a stereo system with built in speakers throughout.
The apartment is pristine, with beautiful hardwood floors, electronic blinds and a sound system in the public entertaining space.
The apartment is quiet 24/7.
The apartment is quiet and has a beautiful outdoor balcony.
The apartment is quiet with great light and features beautiful herringbone and hardwood floors throughout and 9-foot beamed ceilings.
The apartment is ready for the new owner to put their own finishing touches on this rare find at the "corner" of midtown, central park and the upper east side.
The apartment is ready for you to move in and create your very own home!
The apartment is renovated with beautiful hardwood floors.
The apartment is renovated with dark walnut stained floors, crown molding, and ample storage with built-in closets in every room.
The apartment is rented for a great tenant for $2200 per month.
The apartment is roomy with flexibility for dining and living areas.
The apartment is set all it needs is you.
The apartment is set back from the street, and has a sizable south balcony at the end of the living room, with views galore.
The apartment is situated between Amsterdam and Columbus, and is in the heart of the UWS where all the good restaurants, bars and shops are located.
The apartment is situated in a charming brownstone and features a massive king-size bedroom, home office, renovated kitchen, Brazilian cherry wood floors, multiple walk-in closets, and approx 900 square feet of exclusive outdoor space.
The apartment is situated on the building's SW corner, where the Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, and the endlessly fascinating parade of boats and ships along the Hudson are visible from every room.
The apartment is smartly outfitted with its own a Miele Washer/Dryer.
The apartment is sold as is.
The apartment is sound
The apartment is south facing with good natural light.
The apartment is spacious with hardwood floors throughout and three large closets including an additional linen closet.
The apartment is spacious with over sized corner windows sunny and beautiful.
The apartment is steps away from the Flatiron district, Gramercy Park and Madison Park, many fabulous restaurants and shops.
The apartment is sun drenched and located in one of the most desirable building complexes in Queens.
The apartment is sun-filled with spectacular open city views and offers a rare opportunity to move into a turnkey home meticulously designed for modern living.
The apartment is sun-flooded with brilliant city views from every room.
The apartment is sun-flooded.
The apartment is surrounded by some of Brooklyn's best restaurants, pubs and shops.
The apartment is tastefully renovated so you can move right in.
The apartment is tastefully renovated with a large, modern kitchen that includes a full pantry, dishwasher, and abundant cabinet space.
The apartment is tenant-occupied through June 30, 2020
The apartment is topped off with rich 7-inch wide White Oak flooring.
The apartment is topped off with rich 7-inch wide White Oak hardwood flooring.
The apartment is totaling in 1,200 Sq.
The apartment is truly one of a kind and presents a very special opportunity for the buyer who is looking for the unique and unusual !
The apartment is turn-key.
The apartment is turnkey, complete with a full suite of conveniences of a newly constructed condominium.
The apartment is unfurnished.
The apartment is utterly tranquil and imbued with the warm glow of Western sun, with wonderful city views west over Park Avenue & across East 57th Street & mid-town Manhattan.
The apartment is vacant and easy to show.
The apartment is very
The apartment is very bright and open with lovely entry foyer, grand living room, formal dining room, large kitchen with big pantry, master BR with balcony, master bath with both tub and shower stall and great storage space throughout.
The apartment is very bright throughout the day with southern and western exposures offering a steady stream of light.
The apartment is very close to the #1 subway at 157th Street as well as the C train station at 155th Street.
The apartment is very conveniently located at the periphery.
The apartment is very private and faces south with an abundant amount of light all day.
The apartment is very quiet and sunny, and additionally has an 11X5 Balcony with access from the living room.
The apartment is very quiet with the CitiQuiet windows in the living room.
The apartment is very spacious and is in pristine conditions!
The apartment is very spacious with an open living room/dining/kitchen layout, hardwood floors throughout, and a very large master suite with custom walk-in closet.
The apartment is walking distance to Sheepshead Bay Rd, home to many restaurants, shops and Emmons Avenue.
The apartment is warm and bright.
The apartment is well laid out and maximizes every inch of space.
The apartment is well located, with food and transportation close by.
The apartment is wired for sound and there is a storage room in the basement that transfers with the apartment.
The apartment is wired for sound and video.
The apartment is zoned for Residential as well as Commercial use.
The apartment is zoned mixed use.
The apartment itself boasts a lavish space that allows for natural light, has a well-designed layout, custom-built wall units and original, beamed 10'6'' ceiling.
The apartment itself has 1 bedroom, a large open living/dining area, a new granite kitchen with window and renovated full bath, plus new hardwood floors throughout.
The apartment itself has 989 square feet and additional 300 square feet terrace for family gathering and BBQ, features 2 Beds 2 Baths with extra office room, hardwood floor through out, washer/dryer, Jacuzzi tub, central AC and heating system, low maintenance fee ( $198 per month), tax abatement, STORAGE ROOM is included in basement is included in the price.
The apartment itself has a gracious foyer and adjacent powder room which leads to the grand dimensions of the living room, library, and dining room, which all have spectacular river views.
The apartment itself has been restored with reverence to the building's past though updated with today's technology.
The apartment itself has kitchen, bath and floors finished with the finest of materials and high-end appliances.
The apartment itself is sunny and bright with honey tone parquet floors and custom book shelves that accent the apartment giving it detail and charm.
The apartment layout can be used as a five bedroom, or the maid's rooms can be re-imagined in multiple iterations.1220 Park Avenue is one of Carnegie Hill's most elegant coops, known for the grand scale and gracious layouts of its apartments.
The apartment layout consists of a separate kitchen, dining foyer, a spacious living room, king sized bedroom and full bath.
The apartment layout has been masterfully designed into 7 rooms with private outdoor space offering breathtaking, unobstructed views of Central Park and Manhattans city skyline.
The apartment layout is ideal both for entertaining and comfortable living.
The apartment layout provides a large and comfortable entertaining living room and dining area.
The apartment located on a high floor with spectacular city views .
The apartment looks onto East 79th Street and the trees on Park Avenue.
The apartment maximizes both space and privacy, as each bedroom is located on opposite sides of the apartment.
The apartment measures 1027sf and is perfect for entertaining as it has a gracious living space and separate dining area.
The apartment merges elegant Old World details and a clean-lined modern aesthetic, with 12-foot-high ceilings, restored parquet flooring beneath custom-made sisal carpeting, central AC, original moldings, and industrial ceiling pendants.
The apartment mix includes four (4) loft style 1 bedrooms, two (2) 1.5 bedroom/1.5 bathroom duplexes and one (1) 4 bedroom 2 bathroom.
The apartment needs a full renovation, so bring your contractor and designer and prepare to build your deam home!.
The apartment needs a mild amount of work but its potential is tremendous.
The apartment needs complete renovation.
The apartment needs renovation.
The apartment needs repair.
The apartment needs some updating but it is well worth the investment to be on such a prestigious part of Park Avenue.
The apartment needs tlc and is perfect for someone looking to renovate to their taste.
The apartment needs updating to make it the perfect oversized 1 bedroom home in a top full-service coop with a host of new amenities including a state-of-the-art gym and outdoor garden.
The apartment now has an amazing loft-like living room/dining area approximately 24 22 feet with an open professional kitchen featuring a Wolf 5-burner gas stovetop with oven and hood, and +/-
The apartment occupies the entire 22nd floor, with a private elevator entry.
The apartment of your dreams is waiting for you on Shore Road!
The apartment offers 4.5 marble bathrooms, a large double windowed kitchen, two separate living areas, huge outfitted walk-in closet, high-end finishes and a Miele washer/dryer.
The apartment offers Caeserstone counters, top-of-the-line stainless-steel appliances and includes a Bosch W/D.
The apartment offers Hardwood Floors Thru-Out, Large Foyer, Spacious Living Room, Dining Room, Renovated Kitchen with Stainless Steel Appliances, Spacious Master Bedroom, Nice Size 2nd Bedroom and Full Bath.
The apartment offers a baronial wood paneled gallery that leads into a dramatic corner living room with sweeping Central Park and city views facing West and North.
The apartment offers a desirable layout, with a large entry foyer and 3 large closets.
The apartment offers a gracious foyer and gallery, with Bosh washer and dryer, ample closet space including a walking closet and nearly floor to ceiling over-sized windows.
The apartment offers a level of finish and design that the most discerning buyer will appreciate!
The apartment offers a separate private storage room.
The apartment offers a spacious drawing room, dining room / den, two bedrooms each with its own en-suite bathroom, kitchen and powder room, magnificent wrap around terrace accessible from all of the principal rooms.
The apartment offers a the convenience of a terrific location (one block to #6 train buses, 23rd Precinct, markets, etc.
The apartment offers ample closet space, with one in each the living room and bedroom, as well as recessed, LED lighting, and solid oak hardwood flooring throughout.
The apartment offers an abundance of closets and storage space as well.
The apartment offers an additional second bathroom and a washer/dryer closet with units included.
The apartment offers an extremely versatile floor plan; the large amount of space provides a variety of possibilities for re-configuration.
The apartment offers an ideal floor-through layout, with the master suite separate from the other bedrooms and living/dining room.
The apartment offers downtown-style in an UES location, close to subways (4/5/6/F/N/R/Q/W), shopping (Bloomingdales) and Long Island airports (Queensboro Bridge).
The apartment offers extremely comfortable living with a spacious and flexible living/dining space and large closets, one of which is an enormous master walk-in.
The apartment offers granite counter-tops and stainless-steel appliances.
The apartment offers hardwood floors throughout, ample storage space and a washer dryer in unit.
The apartment offers impressive scale with high-beamed ceilings, oversized windows, two exposures, and lovely natural light throughout.
The apartment offers multiple closets, big enough for any wardrobe or extra storage purposes.
The apartment offers rare southern and northern exposures over some of the most coveted blocks in the West Village.
The apartment offers separate dining area and a king size bedroom with a wall of closets.
The apartment offers the perfect opportunity for someone to create their new home, use as a pied-à-terre or to be used as an investment.
The apartment offers two bedrooms and spacious Living Room with large window that allows a great natural light to come in.
The apartment offers unique use-case legally allowing live-work or work-only office with separate direct elevator access.
The apartment offers unobstructed skyline views and overlooks Union Square Park.
The apartment on the 3rd floor has hardwood floors, 3 bedrooms, including an updated Master en suite and updated second bathroom.
The apartment opens into a foyer with a large custom California closet and a comfortable dining area that can seat 4.
The apartment opens into a lovely living, dining and kitchen space perfect for entertaining.
The apartment opens into a proper foyer featuring a massive walk-in closet outfitted with custom built-ins.
The apartment opens into an open spacious kitchen and even more spacious living room with an entire southern-facing over sized windows.
The apartment opens to a very large living space & dining area with windows facing North.
The apartment otherwise features four large floor-to-ceiling closets including a walk-in by the entry foyer and a large closet in the bedroom, all of which have been smartly outfitted, lovely hardwood parquet floors, custom blinds and full-length
The apartment overlooks a common courtyard and neighborhood park.
The apartment overlooks a water park to the river.
The apartment overlooks the captivating Manhattan city skyline and views of the Hudson River.
The apartment overlooks the serene courtyard garden of the Rockefeller Apartments in addition to stunning city views.
The apartment oversize windows provide both southern and eastern exposures and beautiful city views.
The apartment provides an ample opportunity to use your imagination and create a perfect home.
The apartment provides rich Acacia hardwood floors, air conditioning, a full-size kitchen with sleek cabinetry, Quartz counter-tops, and stainless steel appliances including a dishwasher.
The apartment provides rich Acacia hardwood floors, air conditioning, a full-size kitchen with sleek cabinetry, Quartz counter-tops, and stainless steel appliances.
The apartment qualifies for financing.
The apartment requires full renovation and is an excellent opportunity to add value.
The apartment requires some TLC and represents an extraordinary value!
The apartment retains many original architectural features including a beamed ceiling, hardwood flooring and hardware.
The apartment shines for its bay windows, hardwood floors, double height ceilings, mahogany door, window frames and a beautiful decorative fireplace.
The apartment shows beautifully.
The apartment sits on the second to top floor and has beautiful city views from the kitchen, living room and bedroom.
The apartment spans 1,578 sf and boasts triple exposures (South/West/North) with floor-to-ceiling UV-protected windows in the living/dining room and master bedroom that maximize natural light and provide spectacular iconic city views.
The apartment spans approximately 3815 square feet and features captivating and endless views of Central Park and the Hudson and East River from all rooms; an extraordinary view of Manhattan's skyline facing East, West and North .
The apartment transfers with a private laundry room and private storage located in the basement.
The apartment transfers with a private storage unit.
The apartment transfers with an oversized 9' x 14' basement storage cage.  
The apartment transfers with one and a half large private storage areas.
The apartment truly is perfectly located, as close by there is no shortage of fantastic restaurants and the best of neighborhood conveniences
The apartment undoubtedly comes equipped with a dishwasher and washer/dryer and has an enormous amount of storage space throughout.
The apartment views are beautiful with an open expanse of the city and the river.
The apartment was beautifully renovated and thoughtfully reconfigured so it now has a fabulous eat-in kitchen with a large dining area, lots of storage and counter space, top appliances, a washer/dryer, desk and a cozy window seat.
The apartment was created with love and a contemporary flare.
The apartment was designed by Rome Prize-winning architect Frederic Schwartz, and interiors were designed by Ray Booth of design firm McAlpine, who has been featured widely by publications such as Architectural Digest and Elle Decor.
The apartment was designed with a loft-like combined living and dining space with incredible views from every window.
The apartment was featured in The New York Social Diary in 2015.
The apartment was featured in The New York Times' "Home" section on November 27, 2014.
The apartment was freshly painted and the ceilings skimmed smooth.
The apartment was fully freshly painted and brand new baseboard molding installed.
The apartment was fully renovated in 2016.
The apartment was gut renovated from top to bottom, and completely opened up.
The apartment was impeccably renovated from top to bottom.
The apartment was last rented at $2,950/month and yields a 5.5% return.
The apartment was originally a two bedroom, has been converted to a one bedroom.
The apartment was originally designed by the architect behind One Hudson Yards and also includes beautiful hardwood floors, amazing closet space, a washer/dryer, a renovated powder room and a mudroom area.
The apartment was perfectly designed and entirely renovated with the highest taste for design and perfection.
The apartment was re-configured creating a beautiful open kitchen with breakfast bar, granite counters, Liebherr fridge, brushed steel backsplash and an induction stovetop.
The apartment was recently renovated with a brand new kitchen, bathroom, hardwood floors and paint job.
The apartment was renovated 12 years ago and is in good condition.
The apartment was renovated only 2 years ago and has new appliances.
The apartment was renovated to enhance its sophistication, including rewiring, marble windowsills and mirrored window jambs.
The apartment was rewired with extra ceiling lights and speakers in each room.
The apartment was totally upgraded by the owner: new custom-made kitchen with stone counter top and stainless steel appliances, all new modern-style doors, closet features, the original water heater was replaced with a tankless gas one that significantly (!) reduced the total bill.
The apartment which is 1,000 sq.ft.
The apartment will be delivered unfurnished, allowing creative interior arrangements and decorations to your own taste.
The apartment will be delivered vacant
The apartment with sunlight throughout the day.
The apartment would feature, 2 wood-burning fire places, high ceilings, large closets, washer/dryer with North, West, Eastern exposure as well as views of the East River and Queensboro Bridge.
The apartment's Master suite enjoys the privacy of being separate from the main living areas, by being located off the other side of the gallery.
The apartment's beautiful prewar details include high beamed ceilings, handsome wood ?
The apartment's beautifully-designed kitchen, enhanced by granite counters/floors is equipped with the high-end quality appliances including Liebherr refrigerator and Bosch microwave, stove and dishwasher.
The apartment's charm is enhanced by oak floors, high beamed ceilings and original doors with brass hardware.
The apartment's circular flow creates an open feel; it is a perfect entertaining space.
The apartment's classic details include beautiful beamed ceilings and herringbone hardwood floors.
The apartment's closet space is very generous and includes a large walk-in closet and a washer/dryer housed in a large laundry closet with deep storage.
The apartment's corner location provides three exposures and allows for windows in all baths and in the kitchen-including an extra window in the second bedroom that is only present on the top three floors.
The apartment's current configuration includes six bedrooms, including two master bedrooms with en-suite bath and separate maid's quarters.
The apartment's custom-designed closets will satisfy any of your storage needs.
The apartment's electrical system has been upgraded with USB enabled plugs throughout, newly levelled floors, upgraded plumbing, a windowed bathroom with a vent and floor to ceiling closets.
The apartment's entry foyer boasts a generous coat closet and opens up to a large living room with a full dining area.
The apartment's entry hall has a large walk-in closet and leads to a gallery which can be used as a dining area.
The apartment's entryway also has a coat closet perfect for everyday items.
The apartment's entryway leads into an expansive living space and separate dining area, entirely bathed in natural light from the oversized windows.
The apartment's first level features the living room with a Hearth Cabinet fireplace and marble mantle, two distinct seating areas, custom floor moldings and lighting and two closets.
The apartment's floor plan is well laid-out as you enter into a large dining foyer, separate from the Living Area and Sleeping Alcove.
The apartment's generous closet spaces include a walk-in in the entry foyer currently being used as an office area.
The apartment's gracious and practical layout continues above.
The apartment's handsome floorplan has an open chef's Kitchen with top-of-the-line appliances, a washer dryer, and two large bathrooms with abundant vanity spaces.
The apartment's high ceilings are an added bonus to the already expansive living space.
The apartment's ideal floor plan boasts North, South and East exposures, including a windowed bathroom and entry foyer.
The apartment's immense approximate 12×20 foot gallery allows light to flow from the 20' wide almost square living room to the dining room that can comfortably seat 16.
The apartment's lay-out and architectural features are ornate yet welcoming.
The apartment's layout has open living and dining areas, in addition to an integrated windowed kitchen with Ceasar Stone countertops, and white Oak Cabinetry, stainless steel appliances, and abundant cabinet space.
The apartment's light fixtures are not included.
The apartment's many beautiful finishes include wide-plank rift-sawn white oak floors, 10' ceilings, and custom art-lighting system.
The apartment's open-plan living and dining room brings fluidity to this one bedroom.
The apartment's other luxurious features include 9 ft. floor to ceiling windows, mahogany wood flooring, year round individually controlled HVAC cooling and heating system, custom California Closets, a Miele W/D and UV-protected windows.
The apartment's other main gathering space is the lovingly renovated eat-in kitchen, with an ample expanse of gleaming granite counters that are perfect for meal preparation or just lingering over morning coffee, homework or a glass of wine at the end of the day.
The apartment's pre-war charm exudes through its lay-out.
The apartment's private and separate bedroom wing faces north and offers generous proportions.
The apartment's raised sleeping alcove allows for more sleep / living separation than a typical studio.
The apartment's roomy living room is large enough for living, dining and office spaces while still feeling spacious and open.
The apartment's scale is grand in every way.
The apartment's secondary bedrooms are connected by a gracious common room, measuring over 9×10, which can serve as the perfect study, den, or play area.
The apartment's spacious alcove fits a queen-sized bed and is adjacent to a large customized closet and additional storage, and the renovated bathroom features white subway tile and traditional fixtures.
The apartment's storage space (total of 15 closets, including a large cedar one) is impressive as well.
The apartment's striking river and skyline views are equally magnificent at night.
The apartment's three bedrooms are located off a spacious central corridor.
The apartment's unique layout affords access to the bathroom via both a discreet entrance from the living room as well as through the master closet, making this a true en suite.
The apartment's versatile layout includes a generous kitchen with breakfast bar, full size appliances, and ample cabinet and pantry storage.
The apartment's windowed bathroom is conveniently located right near the bedrooms and has smart storage solutions as well.
The apartment, freshly painted with brand new floors, is not to be missed.
The apartment, located on the 3rd floor facing North over a wide street gets great light all the time.
The apartment, located on the 8th floor facing North over a wide street gets great light all the time.
The apartment, which is approximately 900 square feet features ultra high 10 foot ceilings, a 22-foot living/dining room, separate deluxe kitchen with granite countertops and custom cabinetry, a marble powder room and master bedroom with en-suite marble master bath.
The apartment: Lights, Camera, Action!
The apartments are a mix of one and two bedrooms.
The apartments are all 2-bedroom units and are fully occupied.
The apartments are easy to combine to create a 7 room, 4 bedroom, 3 bath apartment.
The apartments are free market and are producing over $122,400 annually.
The apartments are free market, because the building has less than six units.
The apartments are known to be spacious, with high ceilings and large windows.
The apartments are large and have classic and gracious layouts.
The apartments are located in Hell's Kitchen.
The apartments are updated and renovated with hardwood floors, large living room area and large bedrooms.
The apartments can be converted to two five-bedroom duplex units and four four-bedroom units, providing a potential gross annual income of approximately $199,200.00 and a potential cap rate of 9.2%.
The apartments conclude with a majestic master bedroom area that features an en-suite bathroom, ample closet space, & western exposures adorning warm natural light on decadent fireplaces and hand finished moldings from the afternoon and evening sun.
The apartments consist of an owner-occupied triplex with private elevator and a spacious garden, a one-bedroom two-bath duplex, a three-bedroom floor-through with a balcony and solarium overlooking the garden, a three-bedroom duplex with two large roof decks, and 4 one-bedroom apartments.
The apartments feature 7" riff Eurosawn white oak floors with custom matte finish, quartz slab countertops, custom modern kitchens with a Bosch appliance package, Marvin custom windows, painted exposed brick, radiant heat in the bathrooms, and central cooling and heating.
The apartments feature stainless steel Bosch (dish washer, W/D, stove and microwave) and Sub Zero ( Fridge) appliances, white oak flooring , granite countertops in kitchen , marble bathrooms , washer/dryer in the unit , walk-in closets with white oak and glass pantries.
The apartments have 9' ceilings, with lots of sunlight coming to the front and rear of the building.
The apartments have been combined with co-op approval, however the new owner, if renovating, would need to combine them legally through the Department of Buildings.
The apartments have nine feet ceiling height (the basement is seven feet high).
The apartments interior environment can also be controlled via the Savant iPhone app.
The apartments is a short walk to the J/L/M trains.
The apartments is approximately 750 square feet, has beautiful hardwood floors, 4 closets and a large bedroom.
The apartments offers spacious layouts, white marble bathrooms, ice white quartz counter tops, stainless steel appliances, GE appliances and LG washer dryers, custom kitchens, bamboo floors & zebra wood vanities.
The apartments other features include an additional large storage closet, central air with separate controls for bedrooms and living space, video intercom, CAT-5 wiring, maple floors, solid core wood doors, and original columns.
The apartments oversized south facing windows overlook the Plazas landscaped garden, fountain and reflection pools.
The apartments split bedrooms offer privacy without sacrificing space.
