Are you are doctor looking for an ideal place to see your patients?
Are you constantly frustrated with seeing the same low grade renovations and design choices in townhouses?
Are you in love with pre-war?
Are you looking for a charming well-priced 1 Bedroom home in a sought-after area?
Are you looking for a cozy, elegant home close to all that is held dear to a New Yorker?
Are you looking for a deal?
Are you looking for a great investment home?
Are you looking for a loft-like open space with both light, view, and luxury condo services?
Are you looking for Beautiful Open Views?
Are you looking for that House that is in your Price Range, is DETACHED, has 3 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Den, Garage, & a Yard all in the Princess Bay Section of Staten Island with Water View & NOT in a FLOOD ZONE surrounded by Million Dollar Homes?
Are you looking for that perfect balance of convenience and serenity?
Are you looking for the perfect primary residence, pied a terre or investment property?
Are you looking to do a Lease or Rent to Own Home?
Are you looking to get into a home?
Are you our discerning home buyer?
Are you priced out of other neighborhoods?
Are you ready for the next level?
Are you ready for this one??
Are you ready to fall in love?
Are you ready to make an investment in this amazing neighborhood?
Are you ready to participate in customizing your home?
Are you ready to save $9,903 in transfer taxes?
Can you afford not to take advantage of this unique pristine home that will beckon you to call it home?
Can you keep a secret?
Can you recognize opportunity when it knocks?
Can you see Yourself Raising a Family in this house?
Can you see yourself relaxing with a book or a beverage on the front porch; or hosting a party in the manicured backyard?
Did anyone say development?
Did I mention that the bathroom & electrical were also updated within the last 10 years?
Did I mention that you may only need three bedrooms for a couple of years and want the ability to easily reconfigure the space to downsize to two bedrooms in the future?
Did I mention the washer/dryer hookups??
Did we mention the driveway and private backyard?
Did we mention the location?
Did we mention the outdoor space?
Did we mention the view?
Did You Think You Were Priced Out of the Neighborhood?
Do you crave brilliant sunshine and the peace Zen behind closed doors at home, and the bustle and excitement of the big city at your doorstep?
Do you dream of a Manhattan life?
Do you dream of Brooklyn living with Manhattan in reach?
Do you have a thing for top floor apartments?
Do you have vision?
Do you like light?
Do you love to cook?
Do you love to entertain?
Do you need lots of closet space?
Do you own or plan to buy a car?
Do you prefer simple shaker style wood cabinets with solid surface counters or custom lacquer cabinets paired with a travertine marble?
Do you want a home just steps to the beach?
Do you want Katz Deli, Russ and Daughters or maybe some Economy Candy?
Does your home search have you feeling like Goldilocks?
Don't drive?
Don't have a car?
Don't hesitate?
Don't like the bus?
Don't like to cook?
DON'T MISS OUT??
Don't need access to highways?
Don't wan't to go through the headache of renovate something?
Don't want to stay in?
Don't you agree that your home begins the moment you step into the lobby?
Have a car?
Have a passion for restoration?
Have we checked all your wish list items yet?
Have you been looking for a comfortable and spacious CONDO on one of Brooklyn Heights' historic gas-lamp and tree-lined blocks?
Have you been looking for the perfect One Bedroom apartment?
Have you been searching for a historic house filled with original turn of the century details to lovingly preserve and make your own?
Have you been searching for the architectural integrity, preserved detail and massive scope of a 25' wide brownstone mansion?
Have you dreamt of owning a brownstone with central air conditioning, tons of light, renovated bathrooms and kitchen, Giant Garden AND Private Parking?
Have you ever imagined what it would be like to live in a space with over 60 feet of unobstructed direct views of the entire length of Central Park?
How about a short commute?
How about double-sized storage cages and bike storage?
How can you be certain that this home is THE ONE?
How convenient is that?
How do you make use of a wrap around penthouse terrace in midtown Manhattan?
How does NOT needing a Board Approval to purchase your home sound?
Like hardwood floors?
Like to entertain?
Like water sports?
Looking for a 3 bed/2 bath under a million with only 20% down?
Looking for a 3rd bedroom?
Looking for a beautiful 1 bedroom apartment to call home on the dreamy upper west side?
Looking for a Condo??
Looking for a convenient location?
Looking for a deal?
Looking for a fast commute to NYC?
Looking for a great opportunity?
Looking for a great VALUE in a JUMBO one bedroom in a residential neighborhood?
Looking for a home on an oversized lot?
Looking for a huge lot to create your Dream Home?
Looking for a mother daughter with a rental income?
Looking for a new home with space for your family, and a rental to help with your mortgage?
Looking for a Park Ave pied--terre?
Looking for a spacious legal 2 family in Madison?
Looking for a spectacular income property without comparison?
Looking for a true two-bedroom with private roof and killer views?
Looking for a warm and cozy single family 3 bedrooms 2 bath home with an oversized park-like property in the heart of Annadale that offers every convenience right at your fingertips?
Looking for affordable in Marine Park??
Looking for an impressive prewar classic six in a prime Upper West Side location?
Looking for drama and a home that evokes the feel of an art gallery?
Looking for rental income?
Looking for rental property in one of The Bronx Most rapidly developing neighborhoods?
Looking for some outdoor solace?
Looking for space, plus income generating rental property to assist with mortgage payments?
Looking for space?
Looking for storage?
looking for that perfect sized place to live?
Looking for that spacious 2-bedroom, 2-bath condominium in prime Upper East Side?
Looking for the ideal property?
Looking for the perfect 1 family located in the famed Ocean Parkway area?
Looking for the perfect affordable studio apartment in Bay Ridges HOTTEST location?
Looking for top-of-the-line luxury in the most iconic full service, sophisticated Emory Roth building?
looking for your dream home?
Looking to add to your investment portfolio?
Looking to be apart of historical Mud Lane?
Looking to design your dream home in Carroll Gardens?
Looking to make Glendale/Ridgewood your home?
Looking to move to the Kensington area of Brooklyn?
Looking to start making money immediately?
Love boating?
Love new construction but not the price?
Love other neighborhoods?
Love to cook?
Love to entertain?
Need a 3 bedroom?
Need a home office?
Need a writing retreat, studio, home office or practice space?
Need convenience in your life?
Need more bedrooms?
Need more room, or the flexibility to use as a community/commercial capacity?
Need more space?
Need Parking?
Need some fresh air?
Need to go to midtown!?
Need to sweat off those yummy calories?
Need to travel?
Need to unwind?
Need to work out after all that food?
Thinking about a private tour?
Thinking of selling or buying a home?
Thinking of where to go and what to do this spring-summer?
Tired of cookie cutters apartments?
Tired of paying rent?
Tired of the cookie cutter renovations?
Too cool for school?
Too expensive or in need of too much work?
Too good to be true?
Too many cooks in the kitchen?
Want a wonderful two bedroom/1-1/2 bath pied-a-terre or residence?
Want Parking?
Want to add your own touch to create your dream residence?
want to add your own touches to create your dream residence?
Want to add your own touches to create your ream residence in booming east flatbush?
WANT TO BE ENTERTAINING IN YOUR OWN HOME FOR THE HOLIDAYS?
Want to customize your dream dwelling?
Want to generate income?
Want to hop on the bus?
Want to live in the center of it all?
Want to live on a prime Central Park Block?
Want to take a stroll?
What are you waiting for?
What better neighborhood to invest in??
What can be better than living the life between Riverside Drive & West End Ave?
What is the icing on the cake?
what makes this home a magnet for renters?
What More Can You Ask For?
What style kitchen strikes your fancy?
What will you be getting if you lived here?
What would all this be without mentioning the newly renovated bathroom?
What you've been looking for, for so long, but unable to find?
What's better than two bed rooms for the price of one?
What's more?
What's not to love?
Where can you buy a condo in 2019 and not have to pay taxes until 2027?
Where else can you find a renovated one bedroom apartment like this one for such a great price?
Where else can you get public transportation, a turn-key building and rental income for this price in Brooklyn?
Where in Jackson Heights Will You Find an Affordable One Bedroom With The Lowest Monthly Maintenance?
Where will you venture to first?
Where will you venture to next?
Who does not love a good summer BBQ?
Who doesn't love a great kitchen?
Who is James Samuel Thomas Stranahan?
Who says you can't have it all?
Who wouldn't want to rent this place?
Why are you still reading this?
Why come home to a generic, glass and steel monolith when you can live in one of the most iconic buildings in New York City?
Why compromise on amenities when you can have it all?
Why pay for other people's taste?
why pay rent?
Why pay rent when you can own this surprisingly spacious two bedroom condo located in Parkchester?
Why pay rent when you can own?
Why pay rent?
Why rent when you can buy?
Why rent when you can own & build equity?
Why rent when you can own a detached home located in the Heart of Rosebank?
Why rent when you can own for less in this investor friendly building with very low maintenance?
Why rent when you can own for less?
Why rent when you can own this all brick 3 bedroom house, with private backyard?
Why rent when you can own this fabulous studio in Midtown East, at such an affordable price?
Why rent when you can own this gem?
Why rent when you can own this oversized, quiet one bedroom with four closets?
Why rent when you can own this stylish studio for a bargain price in the best Center Slope location?
Why rent when you can own?
Why rent when you can own???
Why rent?
Why Rent?????
Why settle for less?
Why settle for one bedroom when you can have TWO?
Why settle when you can have it all?
Why settle?
Why wait when such a sweet offer is your view?
Why wait?
